insulin nph human [novolin n] 100 unit/ml suspension subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
insulin nph human [novolin n] 100 unit/ml suspension 63-76 units subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, skin warm.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
peripheral iv site, established in the right forearm, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, present prior to arrival, established in the right hand, using a 20 gauge catheter.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; any chest pain or discomfort; sudden, currentand excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; newly painful or blue toes on one side; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
spent 15 minutes with the patient and greater than 50% of this time was spent counseling the patient regarding diagnosis and available treatment options.
nurse visit ten minutes, over half of which was spent in counseling and point-of-care testing.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck; paralyzed face muscles or severe dizziness
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake or currently feeling like she is going to collapse every time she stands or sits up
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow; newly stiff or painful neck or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate normal, heart rhythm, atrial fibrillation with controlled ventricular response.
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate, bradycardic, heart rhythm, first degree av block.
discussed the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
this report represents the interpretation of the original data and tracings that are stored in the electronic records of the esophageal laboratory.
negative gastrointestinal review of systems, historian denies abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting.
negative genitourinary review of systems, historian denies dysuria, hematuria, urine output changes.
given current medication regimen, the following parameters should be monitored by outpatient providers: none
given current medication regimen, the following parameters should be monitored by outpatient providers: lithium level
the risks and benefits of the procedure were discussed, and the patient consented to this procedure.
the content of this note has been reproduced, signed by an authorized physician in the space above, and mailed to the patient's parents, the patient's home care company.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; any chest pain or discomfort or feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up
discussed goals, risks, alternatives, advanced directives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient and his mother.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient expressed understanding of the content, patient was given a copy of this note
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan, and the patient expressed understanding of the content.
patient arrives, via stretcher, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, lift to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives, via stretcher, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
dimension 3 emotional, behavioral or cognitive conditions and complications: the patient received a risk score of 1. interference with addiction recovery emotional concerns related to negative consequences and effects of addiction; patient is able to view these as part of addiction and recovery.
dimension 3 emotional, behavioral or cognitive conditions and complications: the patient received a risk score of 2. he/she reports or demonstrates symptoms of depression
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
discussed risks, goals, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
they do not have a copy of the dates at this time, asked that a copy of the immunization dates be brought to the next clinic appointment.
immunizations:  asked that a copy of the immunization dates be brought to the next clinic appointment.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, glasses for vision identified as a barrier to learning, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
with the assistance of a somali interpreter, ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
negative cardiovascular review of systems, historian denies chest pain, dyspnea on exertion.
negative cardiovascular review of systems, historian denies chest pain, diaphoresis, syncope, palpitations.
no: joint swelling; pain of a type other than joint pain; a limp without known injury; discomfort in legs that improves with movement usually occurring at night; painful cramping in your hip, thigh or calf muscles after walking or climbing stairs; muscle cramps; lower leg swelling (without injury); varicose veins or 'spider veins'; ulcers or sores on the lower leg; red or hot area of the skin; pale, cold, or blue leg(s)or toes; nail problem; cracking, peeling, burning or itching between the toes or on soles of the feet or lump(s)
no: pain of a type other than joint pain; a limp without a known injury; discomfort in the legs that improves with movement, usually occurring at night; painful cramping in your hip, thigh or calf muscles after walking or climbing stairs; muscle cramps; lower leg swelling without a known injury; varicose veins or spider veins; ulcers or sores on the lower leg; red or hot area of the skin; pale, cold or blue leg or toes; nail problem; cracking, peeling, burning or itching between the toes or on the soles of the feet; lump or swollen gland under the skin or unable to remove a ring or other piece of jewelry
discussed:  patient's current frequency of brushing and flossing, need for regular flossing.
discussed patient's current frequency of brushing and flossing, need for brushing for a longer interval.
benefits and risks of acupuncture were discussed with patient and patient has signed consent authorization to proceed with treatment.
the above was discussed with the patient and she voiced understanding of the content and plan.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified injury as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; any chest pain or discomfort; sudden, current and excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; newly painful or blue toes on one side; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); any chest pain or discomfort; sudden, currentand excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; newly painful or blue toes on one side; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; black, sticky, tar-like stools; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified as a learning need, injury, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation every 4 hours as needed.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 1-2 puffs by inhalation every 4 hours as needed #1 each.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation every 6 hours as needed.
fluticasone propionate [flovent hfa] 110 mcg/act aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation two times a day as needed.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives, via stretcher, via emergency medical services, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
explained treatment plan and the role of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
the alternatives were also thoroughly discussed, as well as the advanced directives, and the patient was made aware that other members of the surgical team will participate in the procedure.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified, learning preference include listening.
no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include: reading, listening, seeing, doing
when ambulating with a cane, place the cane in the hand on the side opposite the surgical limb.
i began my consultation with the patient by reviewing the reason for the medical genetics consultation today.
discussed goals, risk, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of the other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient (and whoever else is present).
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with parent.
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; shaking chills or nausea or vomiting present
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; very itchy eyes, nose or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by husband/wife/partner, discharge instructions given to patient, prescriptions given and instructions on side effects given.
consultation:  consultant not available, patient did not wish to wait, patient scheduled for consultation at next visit.
consultation:  7:00 am hygiene appointment today - no consultant available, patient scheduled for consultation at next visit.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
the subject of discussion in today's structured group was the facilitation of self-knowledge and the development of more substantial relationships in recovery.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, and alternatives to sedated bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, the potential need for repeating the procedure, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
mother is blood type o+, is hepatitis b negative, hiv negative, and was found to be gbs positive.
the patient has undergone genetic testing and was found to be brca1 and 2 negative as well as bart negative.
patient understands that the warts are skin growths caused by a viral infection in the top layer of the skin.
in the past year the patient has the following number of visits: none in the hospital  none in the er and  one as an outpatient.
see your childs doctor or return here or go to the nearest emergency department to have the sutures removed.
therefore, it is very important to return here or go to the nearest emergency department immediately for signs of infection.
discussed with patient the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure if needed.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient.
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; tetanus and diphtheria and acellular pertussis (tdap) vaccine
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  meningococcal conjugate vaccine; tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria and acellular pertussis (tdap) vaccine
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by other family member, discharge instructions given to patient, simple or moderate discharge teaching performed, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
nurse visit ten minutes, over half of which was spent in counseling and point-of-care testing.
nurse visit ten minutes, which over half was spent in consultation and point-of-care testing.
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
risks, benefits, alternatives of procedure and necessity of other healthcare team members involved in procedure were discussed.
the patient remained focused on group tasks and displayed interest in others and in the group process.
the patient's medication(s) were reconciled comparing the pre- and post-hospitalization lists and then verified in the electronic orders prescribing tool.
educational literature, developmentally age appropriate, provided at today's visit, including caring for your 12-month-old
educational literature, developmentally age appropriate, provided at today's visit, including pediatric health promotion visits and vaccination schedule  ,
patient education materials provided: home exercise program was provided with duration and frequency of exercises included.
patient education:  home exercise program was provided with duration and frequency of exercises included.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
the patient has had a chance to have their questions about this procedure answered and wishes to proceed., procedural pause conducted to verify: correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment or special requirements
procedural pause conducted to review all pertinent records and verify:  correct patient identity, procedure to be performed, and as applicable, correct side and site, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment or special requirements.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
simple assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate normal, heart rhythm normal sinus, no associated diaphoresis.
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate normal, heart rhythm normal sinus, no associated diaphoresis, no associated dyspnea, dizziness, palpitations.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness or raised, red or white, itchy rash that comes and goes (hives)
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content..
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient and her mother expressed understanding of the content.
no: new shortness of breath; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm or new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake
no: new wheezing or chest tightness; runny or blocked nose, or discharge down the back of the throat; severe widespread muscle aches or extreme fatigue or exhaustion
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with (patient) (legal representative and others present during the discussion).
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
after explanation of the test and answering the patient's questions, the patient verbalized an understanding.
patient education:  the impression and treatment plan were explained in detail to the patient/family who expressed an understanding of the content.
no: cloudy or foul-smelling urine; blood in the urine; new daytime wetting; new bedwetting; changes in urine color; foamy urine or vaginal discharge or other genital problem
no: pain when passing urine; urinating more often than usual; cloudy or foul-smelling urine; blood in the urine; new daytime wetting; new bed-wetting; change in urine color or foamy or frothy urine
the patient was explained the diagnosis and treatment planning decisions and expressed an understanding.
i have explained my diagnosis and treatment, and they have expressed understanding of that plan.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with (patient) (legal representative and others present during the discussion).
we discussed the low likelihood that a blood transfusion would be required during the postoperative period and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure.
patient needs assistance with the following instrumental activities of daily  living: meal preparation, medication administration, housekeeping, shopping, managing finances, transportation use (drive car/use taxi/bus).
patient needs assistance with the following instrumental activities of daily  living: unable to assess.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; inability to speak or make normal sounds; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth or currently feeling like she is going to collapse every time she stands (sits)
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives, via stretcher, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
adolescent dimension 3: emotional, behavioral or cognitive conditions and complications intensity of service/level of care
dimension 3 emotional, behavioral or cognitive conditions and complications : the emotional problem that required admission to the present level of care continues.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified in the family/caregiver; learning preferences include listening.
patient is ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening and visual aids.
education provided on diagnosis and treatment plan using verbal instruction; patient expressed acceptance of this and understanding of the content.
the impression and treatment plan were explained in detail to the patient/family who expressed an understanding of the content.
no: newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow or currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); severe headache; sensitivity to bright light or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit)
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, lift to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives, via stretcher, via emergency medical services, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient and parent.
this information will be reviewed by the provider and the patient/caregiver will be contacted with any recommendations.
this information will be shared with the patient's primary provider and follow-up with the patient will be with the rn care team.
hipaa authorization reviewed, dated, and signed by participant and filed in the mayo medical record.
a copy of the form was given to the participant and a copy will be filed in the mayo medical record.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via stretcher, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
learns best by: verbal instructions as procedure is being performed, reading, seeing, listening.
learns best by: verbal instruction while procedure is performed, reading, seeing, listening.
discussed the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure and the patient's perioperative care.
by dismissal she was tolerating a general diet, ambulating, afebrile, pain controlled, and having normal bowel and bladder function.
by the time of dismissal, he was tolerating a regular diet, ambulating without assistance, and pain was controlled with oral pain medications.
peripheral iv site, established in the right forearm, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the left antecubital, using an 18 gauge catheter, in two attempts.
following denial of allergies and review of potential side effects and complications, including, but not necessarily limited to, infection, allergic reaction, local tissue breakdown, and seizure, the patient indicated they understood and agreed to proceed.
following denial of allergy and review of potential side effects and complications (including but not necessarily limited to infection, allergic reaction, local tissue breakdown, systemic effects of corticosteroids, elevation of blood glucose, injury to soft tissue and/or nerves, and seizure), the patient indicated they understood and agreed to proceed.
peripheral iv site, established in the left forearm, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the left hand, using a 24 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, generally ill, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: typical 'cold' symptoms; fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; rash; white patches on lips, tongue or mouth (other than throat); blisters in the mouth; swollen or 'bull' neck; hoarseness or lost voice or ear pain
new wheezing or chest tightness, runny or blocked nose, or discharge down the back of the throat, hoarseness or lost voice
there were no apparent barriers to learning or understanding and all questions were answered.
there were no apparent barriers to this discussion and the patient expressed understanding of the problem and treatment options.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, discharge instructions given to patient.
patient left without being seen, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by husband/wife/partner.
incremental progress will lead to functional gains and increased independence, accuracy, and efficiency with activities of daily living, instrumental activities of daily living, and work tasks.
functional limitations: decreased active motion and decreased strength for activities of daily living, yard work, household chores, lifting.
relayed these directions to the patient by telephone who reports an adequate understanding of the plan and denies noting any signs of bleeding or recurrent stroke-like symptoms.
relayed these directions to the patient's husband by telephone who reports an adequate understanding of the plan and denies noting any signs of bleeding or recurrent stroke-like symptoms for the patient.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, glasses for vision identified as a barrier to learning, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
your doctor did not find any pain over the bones in your back (even though you might have pain in the muscles of the back).
your doctor did not find any pain over the bones in your neck (even though you might have pain in the neck muscles).
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing; newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up or muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that doesn't clear with coughing; new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash); currently feeling like she is going to collapse every time she stands or sits up; muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully or complete inability to swallow
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by husband/wife/partner, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, discharge instructions given to mother, discharge instructions given to father, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
fetuses who have down syndrome tend to have a thickening of the skin on the back of the neck, and therefore an increased nuchal translucency can indicate that the fetus has down syndrome.
this screening option can be used to assess the chance that the fetus has down syndrome and the chance that the fetus has trisomy 18 between the 10th and 13th week of pregnancy.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, carried, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to father.
no: uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit) or new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake
no: struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake or severe lethargy
discussed the risks, benefits, and alternatives of the procedure and of possible blood transfusion.
discussed risks, goals, and alternatives with patient, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
the traumatic brain injury physician discussed with the patient verbal and written information on tbi.
i expanded information in those documents with the patient, and pertinent additional details appear in the note below.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient expressed understanding of the content, patient was given a copy of this note
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caretaker expressed understanding of the content.`e`
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
i interviewed and examined the patient and have reviewed and agree with the history and exam as documented above by the resident.
the patient appears ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient/family was ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
education provided on diagnosis and treatment plan using verbal instruction; patient expressed acceptance of this and understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the conten
patient offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and describes needed behavior change.
he offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to drug use and describes needed behavior change.
the patient has not had  fever, hearing loss, drainage from the effected ear, a change in sleep pattern, a change in activity.
the patient has not had  fever, hearing loss, a change in sleep pattern, a change in activity.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advanced directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
informed consent:  i discuss the risks, benefits, alternatives,  and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
tylenol extra strength (500-mg tablet) one to two tablets every six hours as needed for pain.
instructions: two tablets by mouth as needed then one tablet every hour until headache is relieved.
patient verbalized cognitive awareness of problems related to alcohol and other drug use, however, behavior change does not seem to be occurring.
patient offered verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and he describes needed behavior change.
parent is comfortable with information and will call back with any other questions or concerns or worsening symptoms.
the patient verbalized understanding of the above information, and will contact the care provider with any further questions.
the patient and barriers were assessed (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional).
barriers assessed (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional).
no: new joint pain or swelling; pain of a type other than joint pain; wound with redness, swelling, warmth or pus-like discharge or red or hot area of the skin
no: new joint pain or swelling; pain of a type other than joint pain; wound with redness, swelling, warmth or pus-like discharge; red or hot area of the skin or new one-sided lower leg swelling
reinforcement of the importance of properly cleaning the humidifier and empty the water daily was provided.
hand therapy/ s/p repair of the left flexor digitorum profundus of the long, ring, and small fingers, and repair of the ulnar artery: zone v
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient expressed understanding and agreement of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient and mother expressed understanding of the content.
albuterol aerosol 90 mcg/actuation 2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
ipratropium-albuterol [combivent] 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day as needed re...
no: currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding or black or sticky, tar-like stools
no: currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting or new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: appendix removal; gallbladder removal; prior hysterectomy (removal of the uterus or womb); removal of both ovaries or tubal ligation or sterilization
no: appendix removal; gallbladder removal; removal of both ovaries or tubal ligation or sterilization
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and complications with the patient as well as necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
consent comment:  discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
patient has not returned to the travel and tropical medicine clinic for the #2 hepatitis a vaccination despite having been sent two reminders.
patient is at least 2 years old and has received one dose of hepatitis a vaccine and it has been at least 6 months since first dose.
the patient was instructed to contact their primary care provider for any further questions or concerns.
she was encouraged to contact the study team with any questions or concerns prior to her visit.
patient confirms the following sinusitis symptoms:  upper respiratory symptoms >7 days, colored nasal discharge, maxillary or frontal pressure, facial pain worse with bending forward.
the patient has had a combination of the following symptom for greater than 7 days: upper respiratory symptoms for 7 days, colored nasal discharge, maxillary or frontal pressure, facial pain worse with bending forward
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, identified medications as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
i instructed the patient on the importance of maintaining a diet constant in vitamin k, reporting any change in over-the-counter or prescription medicines reporting any nausea with vomiting/diarrhea, reporting viral/bacterial febrile illnesses.
i instructed the patient on the importance of maintaining a diet constant in vitamin k, maintaining a similar diet during vacation or holidays, reporting any change in over-the-counter or prescription medicines, reporting any nausea with vomiting/diarrhea, reporting viral/bacterial febrile illnesses, reporting dental/surgical/medical procedures/endoscopies at least 10 days ahead of time.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; refusing to move neck; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new wheezing or chest tightness; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; sudden severe swelling of the eyelids; difficulty swallowing that came on suddenly or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
recheck if not resolved in one week or recheck if breathing or swallowing problems or worsening symptoms occur.
additional follow up:  recheck if not resolved in one week , recheck if breathing problems, recheck if swallowing problems, recheck if worsening symptoms occur.
although the splint will temporarily keep the broken bone ends from moving, it may be changed to a cast when you visit your doctor or the orthopedic (bone) doctor.
although the splint will temporarily provide adequate immobilization for the injured area, it will most likely be converted to a cast by the orthopedic (bone) doctor.
instructions: inject the delivered dose as needed for hypersensitivity/bronchospasm epipen 2-pak kit contains: 2 auto-injectors.
instructions: epipen 2-pak hypersensitivity/bronchospasm epipen 2-pak kit contains: 2 auto-injectors.
i also discussed advance directives as well as the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient and spouse.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with parent.
patient education:  ready to learn; no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include: reading, listening
asymptomatic exposure:  had face to face contact while not wearing a mask within 3 feet of a coughing or sneezing person with a confirmed case of pertussis and who has not already completed 5 days of antibiotic treatment.
asymptomatic exposure:  has been exposed to a person with a confirmed case of pertussis who has not completed 5 days of antibiotic treatment.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan: patient/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient and mom expressed understanding of the content.
spent 25 minutes with the patient and greater than 50% of this time was spent counseling the patient regarding diagnosis and available treatment options.
spent 15 minutes with the patient and greater than 50% of this time was spent counseling the patient regarding diagnosis and available treatment options; 025 modifier.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up; blue or dusky lips, skin or nail beds; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); newly stiff or painful neck or puffiness around the eyes
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up; blue or dusky lips, skin or nail beds; struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass or newly stiff or painful neck
the patient has no contraindications to the vaccine as documented in the cdc vaccine information statement.
the patient was able to correctly answer the sample problems in the insulin to carbohydrate counting workbook.
transport indicated to facilitate diagnosis, patient transported to ultrasound, via cart, accompanied by transport technician.
transport indicated to facilitate diagnosis, patient transported to ct scan, via cart, accompanied by nurse.
i independently interviewed and examined the patient and agree with the history, exam, assessment and plan of care.
i have personally seen, obtained a history, and examined the patient and agree with the documentation outlined in their note from today.
spiriva with handihaler 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation one time daily.
spiriva with handihaler 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation every morning.
plan is to continue working towards work hardening goals of 50 lb occasional weight handling.
plan is to continue working towards work conditioning goals of 70 lb occasional weight handling.
peripheral iv site, established in the left forearm, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the right wrist, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt, saline lock established.
no: struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; shortness of breath; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into his airway or noisy, wheezy, croupy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
no: struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; shortness of breath or sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into her airway
he continued to be monitored for signs and symptoms of infection through the course of his hospitalization with no complications.
per rn assessment:  at this time the area is free of signs and symptoms of infection and not embedded.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
informed consent for unsedated bone marrow:  discussed risks, goals, and alternatives to bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
peripheral iv site, established in the right antecubital, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the right antecubital, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt, saline lock established, flushed with normal saline (ml): 3.
no: foul-smelling vaginal discharge; abnormal vaginal discharge; blisters, ulcers or sores in the genital area; itching of the genital or vaginal area; visible genital rash or redness; genital discomfort without visible rash or redness; suspected or known object in the vagina or painful sexual intercourse
no: foul-smelling vaginal discharge; abnormal vaginal discharge; swelling or lump on one side of the labia or vulva; blisters, ulcers or sores in the genital area; visible genital rash or redness; genital discomfort without visible rash or redness; suspected or known object in the vagina; painful sexual intercourse or tissue protruding from your vagina
the patient has not experienced tia symptoms, facial drooping, left leg/calf pain, right leg/calf pain, dyspnea, prolonged bleeding, blood in stool or urine, nose bleeds, easy bruising, changes in prescription medicines, changes in over-the-counter medicines, recent injury/fall(s), blood pressure elevations above 140/90.
the patient has not experienced tia symptoms, facial drooping, left leg/calf pain, right leg/calf pain, dyspnea, prolonged bleeding, blood in stool or urine, nose bleeds, easy bruising, changes in prescription medicines, changes in over-the-counter medicines (except as noted in hpi), changes in diet/vitamin k intake, recent injury/fall(s), blood pressure elevations above 140/90.
during or after exercise, patient denies:  rash or hives, vertigo, syncope episode, chest pain, shortness of breath, wheeze, cough, palpitations, heat-related illness, excessive fatigue, headaches.
he specifically denies chest pain, shortness of breath, dyspnea on exertion, palpitations, or light-headedness.
triamcinolone acetonide [kenalog] 0.1 % cream 1 apply topically as directed by prescriber as needed.
lidocaine [xylocaine jelly] 2 % gel 1 apply mucous membrane as directed by prescriber as needed.
history obtained from patient, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussing).
discussed risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
patient was identified using two identifiers and permission was obtained from the patient to perform a fingerstick inr.
patient identified using two identifiers and permission was obtained to perform a fingerstick inr.
the patient has not experienced tia symptoms, facial drooping, left leg/calf pain, right leg/calf pain, dyspnea, prolonged bleeding, blood in stool or urine, nose bleeds, easy bruising, changes in prescription medicines, changes in over-the-counter medicines, changes in diet/vitamin k intake, recent injury/fall(s), blood pressure elevations above 140/90.
the patient has not experienced tia symptoms, facial drooping, left leg/calf pain, right leg/calf pain, dyspnea, nose bleeds, easy bruising, changes in prescription medicines (except as noted above), changes in over-the-counter medicines, obvious changes in diet/vitamin k intake, recent injury/fall(s).
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with child(ren).
provided name and phone number if questions should arise, follow-up appointment has been arranged.
patient was given phone number to call for follow up after semen analysis has been obtained.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.caller agrees to treatment recommendations given over the phone
the diagnosis and treatment plan were explained to the family/caregiver who expressed understanding of the information presented.
eye: background retinopathy - no right and left; macular edema - no right and left; proliferative retinopathy - no right and left.
neurologic:  hand sensory change - no right and left; foot/stump sensory change - no right and left; painful - yes right and left.
patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
parent is comfortable with information and will call back with any other questions or concerns or worsening symptoms.
provided pt  with my name and my secretary's phone number as a means of reaching me with any questions or concerns regarding nutrition.
by dismissal she was tolerating a general diet, ambulating, afebrile, pain controlled, and having normal bowel and bladder function.
she was dismissed being able to tolerate intake by mouth and having normal bowel and bladder function.
dimension 6 recovery/living environment: the patient received a risk score of 1. substance use disorders: patient has passive support or significant others are not interested in his or her addiction recovery, but he or she is not too distracted by this situation and is able to cope.
risk 1 substance use disorders: patient has passive support or significant others are not interested in his or her addiction recovery, but he or she is not too distracted by this situation and is able to cope
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
no: inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying; fever (rectal temp greater than 100.4
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like she is going to collapse every time she stands (sits); newly stiff or painful neck or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
gi: no nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, hematochezia, melena, or other problems noted.
gi: denies decreased appetite, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, hematemesis, hematochezia, melena, abdominal pain.
no: description of diarrhea: blood, pus or mucus mixed with loose stools or description of diarrhea: pale, greasy or oily loose stools
no: description of diarrhea: soft, unformed stools or description of diarrhea: pale, greasy or oily loose stools
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by husband/wife/partner, discharge instructions given to patient, simple or moderate discharge teaching performed, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, in a wheelchair, family driving, accompanied by husband/wife/partner.
they were given a business card to contact me should they have further questions or concerns.
she verbalized an understanding of the above information, and will contact us as needed with any further questions or concerns.
the patient related understanding of the proper wearing and care of the splint(s) and was instructed to call with any problems.
the lumen of the prostatic aspect of the vas deferens was entered with the electrocautery needle and a 2 cm length was cauterized internally.
discharge instructions: patient/responsible party indicated understanding of instructions on the following brochure(s) given to patient/responsible party: care following your skin surgery
discharge instructions: understanding verbalized, on the following brochure(s) given to patient/responsible party: care following your sclerotherapy-
procedural pause was conducted to verify:  correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment or special requirements.
procedural pause conducted to verify:  correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment or special requirements.
ipratropium-albuterol [combivent] 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day.
azmacort [triamcinolone acetonide] 75 mcg/act aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day as needed.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, glasses for vision identified as a barrier to learning, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan in detail, and the patient clearly expressed understanding of the content reviewed.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient and mom expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient appears to understand the content of our discussion.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/guardian of patient expressed understanding of the content..
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified in the family/caregiver; learning preferences include listening.
no apparent learning barrier identified, ready to learn, learning preferences include listening and seeing.
vascular access patency protocol, , was used for and applies to inpatients and outpatients two weeks to less than 18 years of age.
this protocol, , applies to adult inpatients and outpatients (18 years of age and older).
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and complications with the patient as well as the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
the patient was instructed to contact their primary care provider for any further questions or concerns.
patient requests advance directives information: yes, patient instructed to contact primary care provider for further information
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
i discussed the situation in detail with the patient including diagnosis, pathology, planned operation, objective, risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
postoperatively, the patient was transferred for a brief stay in the post anesthesia care unit, and then to the general orthopedic care floor where the patient had an uncomplicated hospital course.
the patient tolerated the procedure and anesthesia well, was extubated, and then brought to the post-anesthesia care unit in stable condition.
strep screen, treat per protocol, strep pharyngitis considered contagiousness until treated for 24 hours, advised to recheck if not resolved in one week or sooner if worse in any way., medications and side effects discussed.
strep screen, treat regardless of throat culture results, symptomatic relief discussed, strep pharyngitis considered contagiousness until treated for 24 hours, advised to recheck if not resolved in one week or sooner if worse in any way., medications and side effects discussed.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives, complications, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient.
i agree with the comprehensive assessment, plan, and physical exam as documented in the daily resident progress note.
i am in agreement with the interventions, assessment, and documentation as entered by m.s, spt
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient and others present.
discussed risks and benefits of an unsedated bone marrow, the potential need for repeating the procedure and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
this information will be reviewed by the provider and the patient/caregiver will be contacted with any recommendations.
i reviewed the overnight events and interviewed ms. odegarden with the treatment team this morning.
negative gastrointestinal review of systems, historian denies abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting.
negative ears, nose, throat review of systems, historian denies otalgia, sinus pain, sore throat.
patient education: i found the patient to be ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
with the assistance of an interpreter, ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparent  learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
with the assistance of a somali interpreter, ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
due to the patient's cognitive impairment, explained diagnosis and treatment plan to family/caregiver.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient and his wife expressed understanding of the content.
goals/outcomes:  patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.
therapy goals:   patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.
we discussed the stage of the cancer and that the oncologist today would attempt to quantify the potential risk of cancer recurrence.
goals: decrease the pain in the palm of the right hand so that patient will be able to perform the tasks of her job without pain.
left upper extremity assessment findings include capillary refill less than 2 seconds, skin color normal to hand, temperature to hand warm, distal sensation intact.
right upper extremity assessment findings include capillary refill less than 2 seconds, skin color normal to hand, temperature, cool to touch.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
discussed with the patient the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure if needed.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the health care team who would be participating in the procedures with the patient.
patient requires extensive assistance in the following activities:  bathing, dressing, toileting, transfer to/from bed/chair, mobility.
patient requires extensive assistance in the following activities:  bathing, dressing, grooming/hygiene, toileting.
goals/outcomes:  1) the patient will be independent with home exercise program to reduce symptoms, improve function and minimize potential for recurrence of symptoms in 6 weeks.
goals/outcomes:  1) patient independent with home exercise program to reduce symptoms, improve function and minimize potential for recurrence of symptoms in 2 weeks.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
medication(s) were reviewed by discussing verbally with patient and/or caregiver, reviewed by checking medication bottles brought in by patient and/or caregiver.
medication(s) were reviewed by discussing verbally with patient, reviewed by pulling list from previous documents browser note.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan in detail, and the patient clearly expressed understanding of the content reviewed.
i discussed the correlation of aspirin, nonsteroidals, vitamin e, and herbal supplements to any upcoming breast reconstruction surgery and the patient expressed understanding of the content.
patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, carried, history obtained from, parent, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and complications with the patient as well as necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
discussed the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient expressed understanding and agreement of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the conten
the above was discussed with the patient, and she voiced understanding of the content and plan.
patient was provided with written patient education materials and she relates a good understanding of the self-management program.
since his last visit, the participant has not had any new prostate problems, prostate-related treatments or procedures.
since his last contact, the participant has not had any new prostate problems and he has not had any prostate-related treatments or procedures  since his last contact, the participant has not had an eye exam with an ophthalmologist or optometrist and he has not been newly diagnosed with cataracts or macular degeneration.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, inability to ambulate, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient is ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening and visual aids.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing; newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully or complete inability to swallow
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit) or sudden onset of inability to urinate
research participant in irb# 06-004868 "mechanisms of eosinophil and immune cell activation in allergic diseases."
research participant in irb# 1415-00, "anthrax vaccine adsorbed human reactogenicity and immunogenicity clinical trial to address change in route of administration and dose reduction.
discussed risk, goals, advance directive and alternatives with patient and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
discussed risks, benefits, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
iv site #1 into left antecubital, iv site #1 iv fluids established, iv site #1 1st bag hung, amount 1 liter.
iv site #1 into left forearm, iv site #1 iv fluids established, iv site #1 1st bag hung, amount 1 liter, iv site #1 rate of infusion (non-bolus) infusing at wide open.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; refusing to move the neck; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow; newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
the traumatic brain injury physician discussed with the patient verbal and written information on tbi.
i have reviewed the clinical and radiographic findings in detail with the patient and his father.
albuterol aerosol 90 mcg/actuation 2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
maxair autohaler 200 mcg/inhalation aerosol 2-4 puffs by inhalation every 4 hours as needed.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing; newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully or complete inability to swallow
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck or swelling or puffiness around the eye(s)
discussed acne and treatment in detail along with consent with risks, alternatives, and benefits.
exercises:  begin gently bending and straightening your knee along with quadriceps sets, straight leg raises and ankle pumps.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 1-2 puffs by inhalation every 4 hours as needed.
ipratropium-albuterol [combivent] 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation two times a day as needed refi...
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences including listening.
no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include: reading, listening
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck or swelling or puffiness around the eye(s)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash); new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck or swelling or puffiness around the eye(s)
the plan of care, as outlined above, will be communicated to the patient and reviewed with patient at nurse visit.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with patient and others present.
identified injury as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
the team concept including the need of other members in the operative team to be directly involved in his surgical procedure was discussed.
cyanocobalamin [vitamin b12] 1,000 mcg/ml solution 1,000 micrograms intramuscular as directed by prescriber.
follitropin alfa [gonal-f rff] 900/1.5 unit/ml pen injector subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via personal wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
the patient had a chance to have any questions about this procedure answered, understand(s) and wish(es) to proceed.
the risks and benefits of superovulation and iui and alternatives were discussed, the patient verbalized understanding and wishes to proceed.
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; vomiting; pain, redness, discharge, tearing or swelling of the eye; diarrhea or mouth ulcers
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; night sweats or unintentional weight loss with normal or increased appetite
the patient understands the information and questions answered; the patient wishes to proceed with the biopsy.
at this time the entire patient's and family's questions were answered fully and to their satisfaction.
the diagnosis and treatment plans were explained and the patient expressed understanding of the content.
he has briefly interviewed and examined the patient and agrees with the below-outlined plan.
pain when passing urine, feeling like you must urinate urgently and urinating more often than normal
patient complains of: pain when passing urine, urinating more often than normal, urinary urgency.
the individual demonstrates emerging problem solving skills for complex problem solving tasks.
level 5:  the individual demonstrates functional problem solving skills in routine daily activities.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, prescriptions given and instructions on side effects given.
after discussion of the risks, benefits, and alternatives to treatment with cryotherapy, informed consent was obtained.
we discussed the risks, goals, and alternatives in detail, hopeful results, and possible complications.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
patients primary language is english, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
the patient indicated they are not missing work, are not experiencing reduced productivity at work, are having no decline in their ability to complete daily activities.
the patient indicated they are having decline in their ability to complete daily activities (score of 5/10, where 0=no effect).
the parent was instructed to notify the clinic if there is no improvement within 72 hours, that the patient is contagious until they have been on medication for 24 hours, of the importance of completing all of the medication.
at the end of the three week period of oap,  a decision will be made by the oap treatment team regarding the patient's readiness for the next phase of care.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified in the family/caregiver; learning preferences include listening.
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening
we had the opportunity to discuss the above and the fact that the vasectomy is intended to be a permanent change and no more children.
we used the strategies of  straight forward, and what is the evidence to challenge the distortions.
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, carried, history obtained from, parent, patient appears comfortable, patient alert, skin warm, dry, normal in color, mucous membranes pink.
nursing assessment:  patient's provider will be contacted for additional advice and follow-up will take place with the caller.
this information will be reviewed by the provider, and the patient will be contacted with additional recommendations.
community support resources utilized by the patient/family:  women, infants, and children program (wic) and public health.
community support resources utilized by the patient/family:  women, infants, and children program (wic), minnesota family investment program (mfip), social worker is involved.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; sudden severe swelling of the eyelids; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of coughing, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into the airway; any chest pain or discomfort; change in heart rate or rhythm, or rapid or skipped heartbeats or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that doesn't clear with coughing
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; sudden severe swelling of the eyelids; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of coughing, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into the airway or change in heart rate or rhythm, or rapid or skipped heartbeats
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, identified medications as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
mother is blood type o+, is hepatitis b negative, hiv negative, and was found to be gbs negative.
mother is blood type o-, is hepatitis b negative, hiv negative, and was found to be gbs positive.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; any chest pain or discomfort; sudden, current and excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; newly painful or blue toes on one side; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; any chest pain or discomfort; change in heart rate or rhythm or heart palpitations; excessive sweating; new weakness, numbness or tingling on one half of the body (an arm and leg) or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up
instructions: take one tablet prior to anticipated sexual activity; maximum one tablet per day.
instructions: take two tablets by mouth in the morning and one tablet by mouth in the evening.
the client verbalized understanding and consented to the plan of care and the goals established.
the patient viewed the "stay healthy while traveling" video prior to the pre-travel consultation.
patient education: patient was ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified.
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparently learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient will verbalize and demonstrate understanding of home exercise program following this therapy session.
goals: patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 1-2 sessions.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, generally ill, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
negative neurologic review of systems, historian denies confusion, dizziness, focal weakness, gait changes, headache.
negative gastrointestinal review of systems, historian denies abdominal pain, hematemesis, hematochezia, jaundice, melena, vomiting.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/care giver expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content and agreement with the plan of care.
discussed with the patient the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure if needed.
i discussed the risks, the goals, the alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the health care team who would be participating in the procedures with this patient.
educational literature, developmentally age appropriate, provided at today's visit, including caring for your newborn.
educational literature, developmentally age appropriate, provided at today's visit, including pediatric health promotion visits and vaccination schedule , feeding your baby during the first year].
educational literature, developmentally age appropriate, provided at today's visit, including caring for your nine-month-old .
educational literature, developmentally age appropriate, provided at today's visit, including caring for your three- to five-year-old.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
the diagnosis and treatment plan were explained to the family/caregiver who expressed understanding of the information presented.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan; the caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
i suggested that he observe an appropriate heart-healthy diet, and that he exercise regularly.
i suggested that she observe an appropriate heart-healthy diet, and that she exercise regularly.
no: cloudy or foul-smelling urine; blood in the urine; new daytime wetting or new bedwetting
no: cloudy or foul-smelling urine; blood in the urine; weak stream of urine; dribbling at the end of your urine stream; difficulty starting your urine stream; new daytime wetting or new bedwetting
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with spouse.
the patient was instructed to contact their primary care provider for any further questions or concerns.
the patient was instructed to contact their primary care provider if the aircast sp walker is not filling properly and/or for any further questions.
cholecalciferol (vitamin d3) [vitamin d3] 2,000 unit tablet 1 tablet by mouth one time daily.
multivitamins-iron pediatric [fruity chews] chewable tablet 2 tablets by mouth one time daily.
spiriva with handihaler 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation one time daily r
spiriva with handihaler 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation as directed by prescriber re...
use the following splint care instructions and do the following frequently throughout the day:
you should use the following splint care instructions and do the following frequently throughout the day:
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advanced directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
the patient will continue with physical therapy and rehabilitation exercises as described in the hospital.
the patient was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion and placed in the lithotomy position.
no: fever each day for more than 72 hours; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103?f ( 39.4?c) or greater (in an adult)
no: fever each day for more than three days or fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever
patient is ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening, doing, reading.
d. disposition: ongoing assessment and treatment by the multidisciplinary team, including disposition planning, is underway.
g.  ongoing assessment and treatment by the multidisciplinary team, including disposition planning, is under way.
the presence of the above comorbid diagnoses increase the complexity of the management of the patient's headaches.
in review of the client's progress, it has been determined that the client has obtained the maximum benefit from occupational therapy services.
no: two or more documented episodes of sinus infection in the last 12 months or antibiotics taken for sinus infection in the last 4 weeks
no: eye pain, not just irritation; vision changes; headache that's more severe than usual; antibiotics taken for sinus infection in the last 4 weeks; currently on antibiotics, including minocycline or doxycycline or two or more documented episodes of sinus infection in the last 12 months
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via stretcher, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified in the family/caregiver; learning preferences include listening.
patient education: ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences included listening.
i have personally interviewed and examined the patient and reviewed the medical history with the patient.
the patient was offered the pamphlet acceptance: the way to serenity and peace of mind .
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by limited ability to apply prc concepts in the management of chronic pain.
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by negative influence from living with chronic pain.
risk and benefits of acupuncture discussed with patient and patient consents to proceed with treatment.
the risks, benefits, and alternatives of the procedure were discussed with the patient and all questions were answered.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, lift to cart, history obtained from patient, and emergency medical services, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; black, sticky, tar-like stools; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
no: chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or emphysema or unspecified lung disease
no: heart problems; cancer; diabetes; asthma; chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or emphysema or unspecified lung disease
disp : 100 - tab, directions : one daily, refill : 3 time(s), expire rx on : 1 yr, route : oral
disp : 90 - tab, directions : one daily, refill : 3 time(s), expire rx on : 1 yr, route : po
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, breath sounds clear, no associated cough noted, fever.
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate normal, heart rhythm normal sinus, no associated diaphoresis, no associated dyspnea.
patient's age is 9 years of age to less than 18 years old: administer inactivated influenza virus vaccine (fluzone) 0.5 ml, intramuscular.
administer inactivated influenza virus vaccine (fluzone only) 0.25 ml, intramuscularly, once.
albuterol 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 1-2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 2-6 puffs by inhalation every 4 hours.
goals:  patient will verbalize and demonstrate understanding of home exercise program following this therapy session.
patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 1 sessions for improved self management of the condition.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, discharge instructions given to mother, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, friend driving, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; rash; white patches on lips, tongue or mouth (other than throat); blisters in the mouth; swollen or 'bull' neck; hoarseness or lost voice or ear pain
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; multiple cold symptoms; itchy eyes or nose or itching on the roof of the mouth or in the throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified, learning preference include listening.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified in the family/caregiver; learning preferences include listening.
the patient will continue in the early recovery group including  60 minutes of  group therapy twice weekly for approximately 6 weeks.
the patient will continue in the outpatient addiction program including 60 minutes of psychoeducational group therapy and 90 minutes of process group therapy daily.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, identified medications as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; change in heart rate or rhythm, or rapid or skipped heartbeats; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; muscle weakness or poor coordination or numbness, tingling, weakness or paralysis
combivent [ipratropium-albuterol] 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day.
combivent 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day #1 months supply.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; complete inability to swallow; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging after inhaling something into your airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, arm(s) or shoulder(s), jaw or neck; large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; sudden severe swelling of the eyelids; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of coughing, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into the airway; change in heart rate or rhythm, or rapid or skipped heartbeats or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that doesn't clear with coughing
this note does not belong to this patient and has been transferred to the correct medical record.
phq-9 form was not given to the patient today as they have recently completed this screening.
patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, return demonstration, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
patient verbalized a good understanding of the role of leisure for maintaining good mental health.
the patient verbalized understanding of these concepts and based development of goals for current sleep plan based on translation of how these concepts apply to their current lifestyle.
response to the advice given:  patient/caller indicates a verbal understanding of advice given.
the patient was able to verbalize understanding of all instructions provided during this session.
discussed the risks, the goals, the alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the health care team who would be participating in the procedures with the patient.
i discussed the risks, the goals, the alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the health care team who would be participating in the procedures with this patient.
consent form reviewed, dated, and signed by participant and consent cosigner, rw, (sc).
consent form reviewed, dated, and signed by participant and consent cosigner, tm, (sc).
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
the patient will continue in the outpatient addiction program including 60 minutes of psychoeducational group therapy and 90 minutes of process group therapy daily for approximately 3-4 weeks.
the patient will continue in the early recovery group including 60 minutes of  group therapy twice weekly for approximately 6 weeks.
procedural pause conducted to verify the following: correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment, or special requirements.
procedural pause conducted to verify:  correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment or special requirements.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient expressed adequate understanding of the information presented today.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; tetanus and diphtheria and acellular pertussis (tdap) vaccine
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; hepatitis a vaccination
patient is on long-term anticoagulation for protein c deficiency and history of right axillary artery occlusion.
patient is on long term anticoagulation for pe with respiratory arrest and anoxic brain injury.
f (38 c) or suspected fever; severe widespread muscle aches; abdominal pain; pain when passing urine or cloudy or foul-smelling urine
f (38 c) or suspected fever; pain when passing urine; blood in the urine; urgent need to urinate; urinating more often than usual; cloudy or foul-smelling urine; vomiting or new changes in sensation associated with neck or back pain
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother, discharge instructions given to father.
polyethylene glycol 3350 [miralax] 17 gram powder in packet 1 packet by mouth one time daily as needed.
polyethylene glycol 3350 [miralax] 17 gram/dose powder 8.5-17 grams by mouth one time daily as needed refil...
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/parents expressed understanding of the content.
patient education: i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
patient's age is 9 years of age to less than 18 years old: administer inactivated influenza virus vaccine (fluzone) 0.5 ml, intramuscular.
patient's age is 6 months to less than 36 months: administer inactivated influenza virus vaccine 0.25 ml, intramuscular.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, arm or shoulder, jaw, or neck or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; inability to speak or make normal sounds; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth or currently feeling like she is going to collapse every time she stands (sits)
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
social work impressions: patient educational needs:  patient assessed:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers.
neurologic:  hand sensory change - no right and left; foot sensory change - no right and left; painful - no right and left.
eye: pupils dilated; background retinopathy - yes right and left; macular edema - no right and left; proliferative retinopathy - no right and left.
disp : 100 - tab, directions : one every bedtime, refill : 3 time(s), expire rx on : 1 yr, route : oral
disp : 20 - tab, directions : one-two q4-6h prn pain, refill : none, expire rx on : none, route : oral
no: fever each day for more than 72 hours; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103?f ( 39.4?c) or higher in an adult
no: fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever; fever each day for more than 72 hours or temperature of 103?f ( 39.4?c) or greater (in an adult)
patient arrives, via stretcher, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, lift to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via personal wheelchair, unsteady gait, inability to ambulate, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: fever each day for more than three days; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103 f ( 39.4 c) or more
no: fever each day for more than three days; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever; temperature higher than 104 f or 40 c or recurrent, unexplained fevers over several weeks
procedural pause conducted prior to each stage of procedure to verify: correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, special equipment or special requirements.
procedure pause conducted to verify: correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, correct patient position, and availability of implants, special equipment or special requirements.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); any chest pain or discomfort; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like she is going to collapse every time she stands or sits up; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; bile-stained vomiting; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
patient has not returned to the travel and tropical medicine clinic for ppd testing despite having been sent a reminder to schedule an appointment.
patient has not returned to the travel and tropical medicine clinic for the #2 hepatitis a vaccination despite having been sent two reminders to schedule an appointment.
peripheral iv site, established in the left forearm, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
iv therapy indicated for hydration, iv established, to the right antecubital, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
no: fever each day for more than three days; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103 f (39.4 c) or more
no: fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103?f ( 39.4?c) or greater (in an adult)
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by other family member, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, carried, accompanied by parent, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
pain scale-the numeric pain scale was used to identify the patient's level of pain (0= no pain and 10 = worst possible pain).
patient rates her pain at the end of today's physical therapy session a 0 (on a scale of 0-10, with 0= no pain and 10= worst pain).
recheck if not resolved in one week or recheck if breathing or swallowing problems or worsening symptoms occur.
additional follow up:  advised to recheck with primary provider in one week or to recheck sooner if worse in any way, recheck if breathing problems, swallowing problems, or worsening symptoms occur, medications and side effects discussed.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
discussed the risks, the goals, the alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the health care team who would be participating in the procedures with the patient.
i reviewed pertinent records, examined the patient and discussed the plan of care with rcu team at the bedside.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, transported via taxi, unaccompanied.
barriers assessed (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional): no barriers present, ready to learn.
barriers to learning:  (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional); no apparent barriers to learn present, ready to learn.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives, the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
spiriva with handihaler 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation one time daily.
spiriva with handihaler 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation one time daily as needed ...
cf is an autosomal recessive condition, and therefore each parent would have to carry one non-working copy of the cf gene in order to be at risk for having a child with cf.
cf is an autosomal recessive condition, meaning that an individual must have a mutation in both copies of the cftr gene (one inherited from the mother and one from the father) to be affected.
no: foreign body in the eye; child appears sick or not well; outer eyelid or area around eye appears very red and warm; area around eye is swollen or eye is almost swollen shut; eye pain, not just irritation; eyes are sensitive to light; patient has an immune system problem or a new change in vision
no: foreign body in the eye; outer eyelid or area around eye appears very red and warm; area around eye is swollen or eye is almost swollen shut; eye pain, not just irritation; eyes are sensitive to light; patient has an immune system problem or a new change in vision
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and other present during the discussion).
discussed the risks, benefits, and alternatives of the procedure and advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); newly stiff or painful neck or puffiness around the eyes
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
albuterol aerosol 90 mcg/actuation 2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
lorazepam [ativan] one-half mg tablet 1-2 tablets by mouth as directed by prescriber as needed.
the above was discussed with the patient, and she voiced understanding of the content and plan.
patient education: i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
instructions: 1 drop 4 times per day for 1 week, then, 1 drop 3 times per day for 1 week, then, 1 drop 2 times per day for 1 week, then, 1 drop 1 time per day for 1 week, then stop.
instructions: use 1 drop 4 times daily for 1 week, then 1 drop 3 times daily for 1 week, then 1 drop 2 times daily for 1 week, then 1 drop 1 time daily for 1 week, then stop.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan in detail, and the patient clearly expressed understanding of the content reviewed.
began discussion of diagnosis and treatment of chronic pain and chronic fatigue; patient expressed understanding of the content.
patient educational needs:  patient assessed:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers.
patient education: mother and patient demonstrated readiness to learn, and i identified no apparent learning barriers.
learns best by: verbal instructions as procedure is being performed, reading, seeing, listening, doing.
learns best by: verbal instructions while procedure is being performed, reading, seeing, listening, doing.
after informed consent was obtained, the patient was brought to the ultrasound area and placed on the examination table in the lithotomy position.
i reviewed pertinent records, examined the patient and discussed the plan of care with rcu team at the bedside.
individual is able to understand limited conversations about routine daily activities with familiar communication partners.
current level 4: the individual is successfully able to initiate communication using spoken language in simple, structured conversations in routine daily activities with familiar communication partners.
patient education: ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient educational needs:  patient assessed:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers.
please avoid submerging the surgical incision in standing bodies of water for a period of at least 6 weeks.
please avoid submerging the surgical incision in water such as bath, pools, or hot tubs for a period of at least 6 weeks after surgery.
procedural pause conducted prior to each stage of procedure to verify: correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, special equipment or special requirements.
procedural pause conducted to verify: correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and as applicable, correct side and site, correct patient position, and special equipment or special requirements.
explained sleep issues, diagnosis and treatment plans; patient expressed understanding of the content.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan; the patient asked appropriate questions and expressed understanding of our discussion.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/guardian of patient expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caretaker expressed understanding of the content.
i have personally interviewed and examined the patient and reviewed the medical history with the patient.
the above was discussed with the patient and she voiced understanding of the content and plan.
based on the patient's itinerary and medical history,  written information per "stay healthy while traveling" will be provided and reviewed at nurse visit for general insect bite precautions, insect repellent use, and permethrin use.
based on the patient's itinerary and medical history, the following was advised and written information was provided: general insect bite precautions, insect repellent use (deet), and permethrin use.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by other family member, discharge instructions given to patient.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by other family member, discharge instructions given to patient, simple or moderate discharge teaching performed, by t. rn.
no: night sweats; unintentional weight loss of over 5 percent of body weight, or 10 lbs, or that seems significant; generalized muscle aches (not from overuse) or extreme fatigue or exhaustion
no: night sweats; unintentional weight loss of over 5 percent of body weight, or 10 lbs, or that seems significant or generalized muscle aches (not from overuse)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; refusing to move neck; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; floppiness or fainting; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or refusing to move the neck
the patient expresses emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and describes needed behavior change.
he offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to drug/alcohol use and describes needed behavior change.
patient  education:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient education:  patient was ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified.
informed consent: discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient and obtained informed consent.
informed consent:  i discuss the risks, benefits, alternatives,  and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
no: currently inconsolable crying; vomiting; diarrhea; not feeding normally; poor weight gain or jaundice
no: currently inconsolable; vomiting; diarrhea; not eating normally; poor weight gain or jaundice
skin assessment findings include skin warm, dry, normal in color, inspection findings include laceration.
skin assessment findings include skin warm, dry, normal in color, inspection findings include signs of trauma.
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; multiple 'cold' symptoms; headache; very itchy eyes, nose or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; headache; puffiness around the eyes; very itchy eyes, nose or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
parent comfortable with information and will call back with any other questions or concerns.
the patient verbalized understanding of information and will call with further questions or concerns.
informed consent: discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient and obtained informed consent.
i discussed the situation in detail with the patient including diagnosis, pathology, planned operation, objective, risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; refusing to move the neck; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying
no: inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash); bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying; fever (rectal temperature)of more than 100.4
no: currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling faint or passing out or new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness or raised, red or white, itchy rash that comes and goes (hives)
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
discussed the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
informed consent:  i discuss the risks, benefits, alternatives,  and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
patient is comfortable with information and will call back with any other questions or concerns or worsening symptoms.
notified the patient of the recommendations and she had no further questions or concerns at this time.
we discussed the procedure itself and the fact that he would need someone else to drive him home following the procedure.
the risks and benefits of the procedure were discussed, and the patient consented to the procedure.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and other present during the discussion).
discussed advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (and whomever else is present).
additional follow up:  advised to recheck with primary provider in one week or to recheck sooner if worse in any way.
strep screen, treat per protocol, symptomatic relief discussed, advised to recheck if not resolved in one week or sooner if worse in any way.
no: fever each day for more than 72 hours; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103?f ( 39.4?c) or greater (in an adult)
no: temperature of 103 f (39.4 c) or more; fever each day for more than three days; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or recurrent, unexplained fevers over several weeks
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; any chest pain or discomfort; change in heart rate or rhythm or palpitations; excessive sweating; new weakness, numbness or tingling on one half of the body (an arm and leg) or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; any chest pain or discomfort; change in heart rate or rhythm or palpitations; profuse sweating or new weakness, numbness, or tingling on one half of the body (arm and leg)
reviewed with the patient the findings from the breast pathology and specifically, difference between in situ and invasive carcinomas.
in reviewing the history, the patient is followed by primary care physician and diabetes clinic.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or sensitivity to light
no: extreme lethargy or floppiness; newly confused or unable to stay alert and awake; difficulty breathing, shortness of breath, or severe wheezing; has fainted, passed out, or lost consciousness or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
discussed advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient's guardian.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, accompanied by parent, history obtained from parent, patient alert, happy, smiling and playful, interactive and playful, consolable, appropriately dressed, skin warm.
eyes and vision: no pain, redness, excessive tearing, glaucoma, cataracts, double vision, blurred vision, flashing lights, specks.
no pain, redness, excessive tearing, glaucoma, cataracts, double vision, flashing lights, specks.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.today's information will be shared with the primary provider and patient will be contacted with any further recommendations.
we recommend that the patient remain abstinent from all mood-altering drugs including alcohol for the time period as specified: duration of program and indefinitely.
we recommend that the patient remain abstinent from all mood-altering drugs including alcohol for the time period as specified: lifelong.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; severe headache; new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
maxair autohaler 200 mcg/inhalation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day as needed.
maxair autohaler 200 mcg/inhalation aerosol 1-2 puffs by inhalation every 4 to 6 hours as needed.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, arm or shoulder, jaw, or neck or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging after inhaling something into your airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm; irregular heartbeat or palpitations or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
patient discharged to home, carried, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother, discharge instructions given to father, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, discharge instructions given to patient, simple or moderate discharge teaching performed, by tony rn.
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
after evaluation and discussion, the patient appeared ready to learn with no apparent learning barriers identified.
pain or pressure in cheeks or forehead over sinuses, or in the upper jaw, green or yellow colored nasal discharge and pain in the face or upper jaw that is worse on bending forward
headache, pain or pressure in cheeks or forehead over sinuses, or in the upper jaw, pain in the face or upper jaw that is worse on bending forward
peripheral iv site, established in the left hand, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, present prior to arrival, established in the right hand, using an 18 gauge catheter.
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by various health issues and chronic pain.
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by inability to moderate activities.
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient.
cyanocobalamin [vitamin b12] 1,000 mcg/ml solution 1,000 micrograms subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
insulin aspart [novolog] 100 unit/ml solution 10-25 units subcutaneous as directed by prescriber #1 weeks supply.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion.
i discussed the treatment plan, risks and benefits with the patient and directed the nurse to perform/treat with cantharidin.
patient offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and describes needed behavior change.
he offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to drug/alcohol use and describes needed behavior change.
i have carefully reviewed in great detail the significance of each of the following laboratory studies.
i have carefully reviewed the significance of each laboratory studies with the patient in great detail.
eye: pupils dilated; background retinopathy - yes right and left; macular edema - no right and left; proliferative retinopathy - no right and left.
neurologic:  hand sensory change - no right and left; foot/stump sensory change - no right and left; painful - no right.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient.
the patient understands and wishes to proceed on a date convenient for the patient, and he understands the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
negative gastrointestinal review of systems, historian denies abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting.
negative neurologic review of systems, historian denies confusion, dizziness, headache, mental status changes.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
no: joint swelling; pain of a type other than joint pain; a limp without a known injury; discomfort in the legs that improves with movement, usually occurring at night; painful cramping in your hip, thigh or calf muscles after walking or climbing stairs; muscle cramps; lower leg swelling without a known injury; varicose veins or spider veins; ulcers or sores on the lower leg; red or hot area of the skin; pale, cold or blue leg or toes; nail problem; cracking, peeling, burning or itching between the toes or on the soles of the feet; lump or swollen gland under the skin or unable to remove a ring or other piece of jewelry
no: joint pain; joint swelling; pain of a type other than joint pain; a limp without known injury; discomfort in legs that improves with movement usually occurring at night; painful cramping in your hip, thigh or calf muscles after walking or climbing stairs; muscle cramps; varicose veins or 'spider veins'; ulcers or sores on the lower leg; red or hot area of the skin; pale, cold, or blue leg(s)or toes; nail problem; cracking, peeling, burning or itching between the toes or on soles of the feet or lump(s)
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by inability to moderate activities.
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by inability to let go of anger.
after explaining the procedure to the patient/caregiver, ear lavage of both ears was attempted .
the impression and treatment plan were explained in detail to the patient/family who expressed understanding of the content.
patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
client was instructed in the principles of posture and body mechanics as related to work tasks, home, and leisure activities.
occupational therapy met with the patient to complete an individual  evaluation to further assess the patient's functional abilities with work, home, self care and leisure activities.
no: diabetes; three or more positive tests for streptococcal pharyngitis within past 6 months; ear pain not related to swallowing or currently on antibiotics, excluding minocycline or doxycycline
no: diabetes; gestational diabetes mellitus managed with insulin; three or more positive tests for streptococcal pharyngitis within past 6 months or currently on antibiotics, excluding minocycline or doxycycline
if the patient does have apnea, the second portion of the night will be spent titrating the cpap pressure to alleviate apneic events.
the patient viewed the "stay healthy while traveling" video prior to the pre-travel consultation.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, and alternatives to sedated bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
this is why it is very important that you return here or go to the nearest emergency department unless you are 100% improved.
you may need to return here or go to the nearest emergency department if you develop more symptoms that might mean you are having complications from your bleeding.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; sudden onset of trouble swallowing or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: inability to stay alert and awake; severe lethargy or floppiness; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying; fever (rectal temperature)of more than 100.4
goals: patient will verbalize understanding of the correlation between perfectionism, expectations, and chronic pain.
patient will verbalize understanding of the correlation between depression and chronic pain.
cognitive and/or language difficulties or the patient's age prevented the patient from understanding the diagnosis and/or treatment plan.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.#1
cholecalciferol (vitamin d3) [vitamin d3] 1,000 unit tablet 1 tablet by mouth one time daily.
cholecalciferol (vitamin d3) [vitamin d3] 50,000 unit capsule 1 capsule by mouth as directed by
the diagnosis and treatment plans were explained and the patient expressed understanding of the content.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
peripheral iv site, established in the right forearm, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the right antecubital, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt, saline lock established, labs drawn at time of placement.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/parents expressed understanding of the content.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan in detail, and the patient clearly expressed understanding of the content reviewed.
sleep plan of care follow-up: patient was provided with a nurses business card and encouraged to phone our sleep center in the event problems or questions regarding treatment plan occur, follow-up visit with nurse in one year
sleep plan of care follow-up: patient was provided with a nurses business card and encouraged to phone our sleep center in the event problems or questions regarding treatment plan occur, and set up a follow-up visit with md in one year.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; pain or difficulty bending neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); severe headache; sensitivity to bright light; currently feeling like he is going to collapse every time he stands (sits) or current or recent seizure
caller verbalizes understanding of protocol advice, and understanding of call back instructions
otherwise, she presented no barriers to learning and verbalized understanding of all of our discussion today.
after explaining the procedure, discussing the associated risks, benefits, and alternatives, and obtaining verbal informed consent, the lesions underwent treatment with curettage and cryotherapy in the standard fashion.
discussed risks, goals, advanced directive, and alternatives with patient and his mother, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
d. ongoing assessment and treatment by the multidisciplinary treatment team, including disposition planning, is underway.
g.  disposition/collateral information:  planning with the multidisciplinary team is underway.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging after inhaling something into your airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm; change in heart rate or rhythm or palpitations or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging after inhaling something into her airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm or irregular heartbeat or palpitations
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, discharge instructions given to mother, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
identified illness as a learning need, identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives, the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
we discussed the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure.
parent ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include delineated.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified: learning preferences included listening.
after discussion of the risks, benefits, and alternatives to treatment with cryotherapy, informed consent was obtained.
therapeutic interventions:  therapist led discussion about risks versus benefits of complementary and alternative therapies and how to be a good consumer in their own health care.
i have reviewed the physician assistant and nursing documentation, studies, and consultations and agree with the findings documented on the written ed record.
i discussed the rehabilitation plans with the patient and they voiced understanding and agreement with the plans.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; sudden onset of trouble swallowing or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; refusing to move the neck; floppiness or fainting or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
return here or go to the nearest emergency department if you notice any of the problems listed below or you have other concerns.
she can return to the emergency department for any of the problems listed on her discharge instruction sheet.
verbally confirmed understanding and demonstrated independence in her home exercise program.
patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 6-12 sessions.
strep screen, treat per protocol, symptomatic relief discussed, strep pharyngitis considered contagiousness until treated for 24 hours, advised to recheck if not resolved in one week or sooner if worse in any way., medications and side effects discussed.
advised to recheck if not resolved in one week or sooner if worse in any way., medications and side effects discussed.
individual is able to understand limited conversations about routine daily activities with familiar communication partners.
goal level:  level 4: the individual is successfully able to initiate communication using spoken language in simple, structured conversations in routine daily activities with familiar communication partners.
caller verbalizes understanding of protocol advice, and understanding of call back instructions, agrees with protocol advice., verbalizes understanding of information given.
patient will verbalize understanding of cross addiction and how use of mood altering substances can lead to problematic use and impairment of function over time.
the patient/caller was instructed to call 911 or have someone take them to the emergency department
patient returns to outpatient psychotherapy to continue to attend to the symptoms of depression.
the patient is making progress, but has not yet reached the goals specifically outlined in the individual treatment plan.
the patient has the foot pain but does not relate any other musculoskeletal complaints at the present time.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, skin warm.
patient arrives, via personal wheelchair, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient.
patient seen and discussed with supervising consultant, dr. n , who saw and evaluated the patient and concurs with the assessment and plan.
patient was discussed with supervising consultant, dr. s , who agreed with the assessment and plan.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, transported via taxi, unaccompanied, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/guardian of patient expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content."
no: other symptoms with chest pain nausea or vomiting present; other symptoms with chest pain new shortness of breath; other symptoms with chest pain profuse sweating; other symptoms with chest pain pain that spreads to the arm(s) or shoulder(s), jaw, neck or back; other symptoms with chest pain lightheadedness or other symptoms with chest pain change in heart rate or rhythm or palpitations
no: other symptoms with chest pain nausea or vomiting present; other symptoms with chest pain new shortness of breath; other symptoms with chest pain profuse sweating or other symptoms with chest pain feel light-headed
learning methods used: class/group, demonstration, discussion, explanation, examples, handouts.
learning methods used: class/group, videotape the art of assertiveness, prc manual handouts, role-play.
the patient agrees to call me with questions over the exercise program and or with the lack of improvement.
the patient meets the following criteria:  major depressive disorder, recurrent with a phq-9 score of 23 within the last two weeks.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan in detail, and the patient clearly expressed understanding of the content reviewed.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.`e`
the patient/caregiver reports there is an impaired ability to meet the nutritional needs of the patient.
the patient was referred to the splint room for fabrication of a right radial thumb shell splint.
procedural pause conducted to verify:  correct patient identity, procedure to be performed and the availability of the appropriate drug including it's concentration and volume.
procedural pause conducted to verify correct patient, identity, procedures to be performed, and correct side and site.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/care giver expressed understanding of the content.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit)
following this, the superolateral knee region was prepared with a chloraprep scrub then reexamined using the same transducer, a sterile ultrasound transducer cover, and sterile ultrasound transducer gel.
following this, the groin was prepared with a chloraprep scrub then reexamined using the same transducer, a sterile ultrasound transducer cover, and sterile ultrasound transducer gel.
following this, the lateral hip was prepared with a chloraprep scrub, then re-examined using the same transducer, a sterile ultrasound transducer cover, and sterile ultrasound transducer gel.
following this, the plantar aspect of the foot was prepared with a chloraprep scrub, then re-examined using the same transducer, a sterile ultrasound transducer cover, and sterile ultrasound transducer gel.
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, no associated cough noted, fever.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, breath sounds clear, to bilateral lower lobes, neck and chest exam findings include trachea midline, no associated cough noted, fever.
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, restless, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives, the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
informed consent for sedated bone marrow:  discussed risks, goals, and alternatives to sedated bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up; blue or dusky lips, skin or nail beds; newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass; muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm or struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting
patient's age is 9 years of age or older: administer inactivated influenza virus vaccine (fluvirin or fluzone) 0.5 ml, intramuscular.
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; hepatitis b vaccine
patient currently uses tobacco, smokes cigarettes, smokes 1/2 packs per day, patient denies alcohol use.
patient currently uses tobacco, smokes cigarettes, smokes 1/2 packs per day, has smoked for 10 years, patient denies alcohol use.
persistent or regularly recurring symptoms such as painful urination, urgency or urinating more frequently
little or no improvement after following the provider's instructions; persistent or regularly recurring symptoms such as painful urination, urgency or urinating more frequently
eye: pupils dilated; background retinopathy - no right and left; macular edema - no right and left; proliferative retinopathy - no right and left.
eye: pupils dilated; background retinopathy - unknown right and left; macular edema - unknown right and left.
no: joint swelling; upper extremity swelling (without injury); sensation of shoulder slipping in and out; muscle cramps; red or hot area of the skin; pale, cold, or blue arm(s) or finger(s); inability to bend and fully straighten the finger(s); lump(s) or nail problem
no: joint pain; joint swelling; upper extremity swelling (without injury); sensation of shoulder slipping in and out; muscle cramps; pale, cold, or blue arm(s) or finger(s); inability to bend and fully straighten the finger(s); lump(s) or nail problem
based on the patient's itinerary and medical history, the following was advised and written information was provided: general insect bite precautions and insect repellent use discussed, and permethrin use.
based on the patient's itinerary and medical history, the following was advised and written information was provided: general insect bite precautions, insect repellent use, permethrin use.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient's guardian.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); any chest pain or discomfort; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; refusing to move the neck; floppiness or fainting or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 6 sessions.
goals:  patient will verbalize and demonstrate understanding of home exercise program following each therapy session.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and complications with the patient as well as necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
family ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient education:  ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening
description: the patient was seen for an individual session today to review progress in treatment and any changes made to the treatment plan.
postoperatively the patient recovered uneventfully in the pacu and was then transferred to the general orthopedic floor.
no: penetrating wound from a gunshot or stabbing; puncture wound that may have been deep enough to damage underlying organs (i.e.
no: puncture wound that may have been deep enough to damage underlying organs (i.e.gunshot, knife, sharp object).
pain scale-the numeric pain scale was used to identify the patient's level of pain (0= no pain and 10 = worst possible pain).
pain scale: the numeric pain scale was used to identify client's level of pain (0= no pain and 10 = worst possible pain): 7.
patient was instructed to return sooner than the given appointment time if problems should arise.
patient was instructed to inform nursing staff of changes in medical status or mood, patient verbalized understanding.
i have personally interviewed and examined the patient and reviewed the medical history with the patient.
i have reviewed the medical record, seen and examined the patient, and i agree with the clinical decision making and documentation.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, history obtained from patient, patient appears, generally ill, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, oriented to person, place and time, skin warm, dry, normal in color, mucous membranes pink.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in respiratory distress, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/family expressed understanding of the content.
patient education:  the impression and treatment plan were explained in detail to the patient's family, who expressed an understanding of the content.
gi: no dysphagia, abdominal pain, jaundice, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, melena, hematochezia
no chest pain, shortness of breath, nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, diarrhea, fevers, chills, night sweats.
after obtaining informed consent, the patient's identity, procedure, and site were verified during a pause prior to proceeding with the minor surgical procedure as per universal protocol recommendations.
after obtaining informed consent to include a discussion of the alternatives to the provided treatment, the benefits and the risks to include pain, bleeding, infection, scar formation, recurrence, persisting redness, increase or decrease in skin pigmentation, local nerve damage or numbness, or possible need for further surgery, the patient's identity, procedure, and site were verified during a pause prior to proceeding with the minor surgical procedure as per universal protocol recommendations.
no: regular use of warfarin (coumadin) or regular use of heparin or low molecular weight heparin
no: regular use of warfarin (coumadin) or regular use of prednisone dosage of more than 20 milligrams a day (or equivalent)
the patient's caregiver was ready to learn without barriers and understanding of the plan provided.
the patient tolerated the procedure well without complication and was discharged in good condition after a short observation period.
no: symptoms along with the rash in the diaper area: blisters or open sores in the genital area; symptoms along with the rash in the diaper area: spreading or streaking redness, or warmth; symptoms along with the rash in the diaper area: pus-like discharge or thick, yellowish-white fluid leakage or symptoms along with the rash in the diaper area: rash extending beyond the diaper area
no: additional symptoms of the rash in the diaper area: blisters or open sores in the genital area; additional symptoms of the rash in the diaper area: spreading or streaking redness, or warmth; additional symptoms of the rash in the diaper area: pus-like discharge or thick, yellowish-white fluid leakage or additional symptoms of the rash in the diaper area: rash extending beyond diaper area
insulin nph human [novolin n] 100 unit/ml suspension subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
insulin aspart [novolog] 100 unit/ml solution 12 units subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/care giver expressed understanding of the content and agreement with the plan of care.
the patient will read and verbalize an understanding of the following brochure(s) and discuss concerns with staff:
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; pneumococcal polysaccharide 23 vaccine (ppv23)
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  human papillomavirus vaccination; varicella-only vaccination
negative respiratory review of systems, historian denies cough, shortness of breath, sputum, wheezing.
negative respiratory review of systems, historian denies cough, cyanosis, shortness of breath.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up; blue or dusky lips, skin or nail beds; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); newly stiff or painful neck or puffiness around the eyes
no: currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up or severe abdominal pain
the patient was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion in the dorsolithotomy position.
the patient was then given the acog booklet, "cystic fibrosis carrier testing: the decision is yours."
albuterol 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 1-2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
ipratropium-albuterol [combivent] 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day as needed ...
goals/outcomes:  patient will be instructed in a home program, demonstrate understanding, and state the ability to continue independently.
patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.-ongoing
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; any chest pain or discomfort; sudden, current and excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; newly painful or blue toes on one side; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: currently feeling like he is going to collapse every time he stands (sits); newly stiff or painful neck or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
patient participated in weekend planning group engaging in structuring and organizing time to promote a balance of activity between work, home activities and self-cares as well as other program concepts.
patient did not attend weekend planning group engaging in structuring and organizing time to promote a balance of activity between work, home activities and self-cares.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck or swelling or puffiness around the eye(s)
no: currently feeling like he is going to collapse every time he stands (sits); newly stiff or painful neck or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
negative gastrointestinal review of systems, historian denies abdominal pain, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting.
negative cardiovascular review of systems, historian denies exercise intolerance, feeding fatigue.
i have reviewed resident and nursing documentation, studies, and consultations and agree with the finding documented on the written ed record.
i have reviewed the p.a. and nursing documentation, studies, and consultations and agree with the findings documented on the ed record.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, no cyanosis.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, neck and chest exam findings include trachea midline, chest expansion equal, chest movement symmetrical.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; through interpreter, patient/child/caretaker expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient's mother expressed understanding of the content.
neurologic: no fainting, blackouts, seizures, weakness, paralysis, tingling, numbness, tremors, involuntary movements.
no fainting, blackouts, seizures, paralysis, tingling, numbness, tremors, involuntary movements.
he offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and describes needed behavior change.
the patient offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol use and describes needed behavior change.
no: chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or emphysema or unspecified lung disease
no: heart problems; cancer; diabetes mellitus; blood clot in the lungs (pulmonary embolism); chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or emphysema or unspecified lung disease
the patient attended the oas structured therapy group today to develop knowledge and skills to facilitate recovery.
patient indicated understanding of occupational therapy and agreed to the plan of care as outlined in the above note.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in respiratory distress, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
the goals, risks, benefits and alternatives of proceeding with a right knee injection were discussed with the patient; she expressed understanding and wished to proceed.
family ready to learn; no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include seeing and doing.
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; new wheezing or chest tightness; runny or blocked nose, or discharge down the back of the throat; hoarseness or lost voice; night sweats or unintentional weight loss with normal or increased appetite
runny or blocked nose, or discharge down the back of the throat, extreme fatigue or exhaustion
patient education: i found the patient to be ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers identified; learning preferences include listening.
the topic objectives were to a) define the characteristics of the disease of addiction; b) identify the symptoms of the disease of addiction; and c) discuss how the symptoms meet diagnostic criteria for chemical dependence.
the topic objectives were to a) define injustice and forgiveness; b) describe the effects of not forgiving and the benefits of forgiveness; and c) outline the six-step process of forgiveness.
eyes open: 4 - spontaneous, verbal: 5 - oriented and converses, motor: 6 - obeys commands, gcs total: 15.
eyes open: 3 - to verbal command, verbal: 5 - oriented and converses, motor: 6 - obeys commands, gcs total: 14.
i attempted to answer any questions that she had regarding her headaches and the recommended treatment.
detailed written and verbal instructions were given to the patient regarding these recommendations.
instructions: apply thin layer to affected area of the face two times a day, at least 8 hrs apart and remain on skin 4 hrs.
instructions: apply once a day to affected areas after washing in the evening before bedtime.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, identified medications as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
the patient expresses emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and describes needed behavior change.
the patient offers verbalizations that indicate emotional and cognitive understanding of problems related to alcohol and other drug use and describes needed behavior change.
discussed with the patient the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure if needed.
also discussed with the participant was an information sheet that he'll take home explaining the role of the digital rectal exam and the prostate specific antigen in the detection of prostate cancer.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified injury as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
fluticasone propionate [flovent hfa] 110 mcg/act aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation two times a day.
pulmicort flexhaler 180 mcg/actuation inhaler 5 puffs by inhalation two times a day as needed.
understanding of the program was verbalized, the patient/caregiver agreed to participate and was enrolled.
understanding of the program was verbalized and the patient/caregiver requested additional time to consider participation.
medication(s) were reviewed by discussing verbally with patient and/or care giver., reviewed by checking medication list brought in by patient and/or care giver., reviewed by pulling list from previous note.
medication(s) were reviewed by discussing verbally with patient, reviewed by checking medication list brought in by patient and/or caregiver, reviewed by pulling list from previous  note.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, breath sounds clear, no associated cough noted, fever.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, chest expansion equal, chest movement symmetrical.
discussed skin cancer and treatment in detail along with consent with risks, benefits, and alternatives.
i discussed the treatment plan, risks and benefits with the patient and directed the nurse to perform/treat with cantharidin.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, generally ill, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, inability to ambulate, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient seen and discussed with supervising consultant, dr. w., who evaluated the patient and concurs with the assessment and plan.
patient seen and discussed with supervising consultant, dr. b., who saw and evaluated the patient and concurs with the assessment and plan.
cholecalciferol (vitamin d3) [vitamin d3] 1,000 unit tablet 1 tablet by mouth one time daily.
cholecalciferol (vitamin d3) [vitamin d] 50,000 unit capsule 1 capsule by mouth once a month.
after a short observation period, the patient was discharged under her own power and in excellent condition.
after a short observation period, the patient was discharged under their own power in excellent condition.
discussed risks, goals, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient.
i discussed the alternatives to the proposed surgical procedure with its goals, benefits, and limitations/risks.
the diagnosis, anatomy, basic pathophysiology, and management plan of the disorder were discussed with the patient.
place the adhesive backing of the maxi pad onto the breast binder and the padded side over the incision.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and other present during the discussion).
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and complications with the patient as well as necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
pain or pressure in cheeks or forehead over sinuses, or in the upper jaw and discolored nasal or postnasal discharge
pain or pressure in cheeks or forehead over sinuses, or in the upper jaw, discolored nasal or postnasal discharge (yellow) and pain in the face or upper jaw that is worse on bending forward
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from, emergency medical services, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
the risks and benefits of the procedure were discussed, and the patient consented to this procedure.
the following health care goals were discussed:  the patient will continue with these goals:
passing frequent, small amounts of urine, a strong, persistent urge to urinate, a burning pain when urinating, blood in the urine or cloudy, strong-smelling urine.
feeling like you must urinate urgently, urinating more often than normal and cloudy or foul-smelling urine
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning.
no: currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden, current and excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; currently feeling faint or passing out; newly cold, blue or pale leg on one side; change in ability to move extremities or new weakness associated with neck or back pain or trauma to the neck or back; new and continuous bilateral numbness in the groin or saddle area; new loss of bowel or bladder function or constant and severe abdominal pain
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness or currently feeling like he is going to collapse every time he stands or sits up
no: fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature higher than 104 f or 40 c
no: fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103?f ( 39.4?c) or higher in an adult
based on the patient's itinerary and medical history, the following was advised and written information was provided: general insect bite precautions and insect repellent use discussed, and permethrin use.
based on the patient's reported itinerary and medical history, the following is advised and written information per "stay healthy while traveling" provided and reviewed regarding food and water precautions and travelers diarrhea self management.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, breath sounds clear.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort, tachypneic, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified injury as a learning need, identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, return demonstration, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
patient  is ready to learn, no apparent barriers to learning were identified:  patient understands and agrees with plan.
patient education: ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences included listening.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
goal today: patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.
goals/outcomes:   1.  patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.
no: bulging eye(s) or staring appearance; limited or painful eye movement or fever (greater than 100.4
no: new wheezing ; suspected ear pain; secretions or drainage from the eye; bloodshot or pink eyes; sneezing or irritable or fussier than usual
reviewed ncep iii guidelines with the patient including goals of total cholesterol less than 170, triglycerides less than 150, hdl cholesterol greater than 45 for men/greater than 55 for women, and ldl cholesterol of less than 70.
reviewed ncep iii guidelines with the patient including goals of total cholesterol less than 170, triglycerides less than 150, hdl cholesterol greater than 45 for men and ldl cholesterol of less than 70.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, discharge instructions given to mother, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, discharge instructions given to mother.
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate normal, heart rhythm normal sinus, with no ectopic beats.
cardiovascular assessment findings include heart rate normal, heart rhythm normal sinus, with no ectopic beats, no associated diaphoresis, no associated dyspnea.
barriers assessed (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional).
barriers to learning: (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional); no apparent barriers to learning present, ready to learn.
patient needs assistance with the following instrumental activities of daily  living: meal preparation, medication administration, telephone use, housekeeping, shopping, managing finances, transportation use (drive car/use taxi/bus).
patient needs assistance with the following instrumental activities of daily  living: no assistance needed.
goals: patient will demonstrate a 50% decrease in pain in 4-6 sessions for increased participation in life or work activities.
goals/outcomes:  patient will demonstrate a  50% decrease in pain in 4-6 weeks for increased participation in required leisure or work activities.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally.
respiratory assessment findings include respiratory effort easy, respirations regular, conversing normally, no signs of distress, no retractions noted, no cyanosis, breath sounds clear.
she states that she has not missed or taken any accidental double doses of her coumadin therapy.
she states that she has her blood pressure checked once a month and she normally gets systolics in the 160s.
discussed risks, goals, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient.
we discussed the possibility that other members of the health care team including resident physicians may participate in the operation.
also discussed with the participant was an information sheet that he'll take home explaining the role of the digital rectal exam and the prostate specific antigen in the detection of prostate cancer.
it should be noted that the comments and suggestions contained in the adhd flow sheet report are based solely on my interpretation of the test results and a review of the patient's emr.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient .
the patient understands and wishes to proceed on a date convenient for the patient, and he understands the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
we discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
no: symptoms present greater than 7 days duration; shaking chills; pain in the side of the back below the ribs; blood in the urine; abdominal pain; fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; nausea or vomiting present or recent onset or change in vaginal discharge, odor, itching, or painful intercourse
no: shaking chills; pain in the side of the back below the ribs; blood in the urine; abdominal pain; fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; nausea or vomiting present or recent onset or change in vaginal discharge, odor, itching, or painful intercourse
insulin regular human [novolin r] 100 unit/ml solution subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
novolog mix 70-30 flexpen 100 unit/ml (70-30) insulin pen subcutaneous as directed by prescriber.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools; heavy vaginal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); any chest pain or discomfort; sudden, current and excruciating ripping or stabbing pain characteristic of a dissecting aortic aneurysm; newly painful or blue toes on one side; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; black, sticky, tar-like stools; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
given current medication regimen, the following parameters should be monitored by outpatient providers: none
given current medication regimen, the following parameters should be monitored by outpatient providers: response to medications and benefits as well as any side effects.
no: fever each day for more than three days; fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or temperature of 103 f (39.4 c) or more
no: fever that has recurred after 24 hours without fever or recurrent, unexplained fevers over several weeks
storage of drugs, guns, matches and chemicals: yes  the poison control number which is 1-800-222-1222.
storage of drugs, guns, matches and chemicals: no (please provide safety)  the poison control number which is 1-800-222-1222.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, other identified barriers to learning included, age, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
the patient does not have hypersensitivity to local anesthetic or depot steroid preparations.
patient does not have recent onset of or change in vaginal discharge, odor, itching or painful intercourse.
informed consent: discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient and obtained informed consent.
discussed goals, risk, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with the patient.
instructions: take 1/2 tablet approximately one hour before sexual activity; maximum one tablet per day.
instructions: take one capsule by mouth as needed after each loose stool up to eight per day.
peripheral iv site, established in the right forearm, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the left forearm, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt, saline lock established.
the patient tolerated the anesthesia and procedure well and was instructed in post procedure care.
i have interviewed the patient and reviewed their history as described in the electronic medical record.
identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, glasses for vision identified as a barrier to learning, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
goals of treatment: patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.
therapy goals:  patient will be instructed in home program, demonstrate understanding, and state ability to continue independently.--goal
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, other identified barriers to learning included, age, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
client was provided with verbal and written (  weekend planning,   &  ) instructions.
client was provided with verbal and written (activity management - self cares, ) instructions.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, discharge instructions given to patient, simple or moderate discharge teaching performed.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, advanced directive, and alternatives with the patient and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
the client verbalized understanding and consented to the plan of care and the goals established.
the patient verbalized understanding and agreed with the plan of care, and she did not have any questions at this time.
no: currently inconsolable crying; vomiting; diarrhea; not feeding normally; poor weight gain or jaundice
no: currently inconsolable crying; vomiting; not feeding normally; fever (rectal temperature) of more than 100.4
patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 1 sessions for improved self management of the condition.
patient will demonstrate a 50% decrease in pain in 3 sessions for increased participation in life or work activities.
discussed with the patient the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure if needed.
discussed advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (and whomever else is present).
the patient remained focused on group tasks and displayed interest in others and in the group process.
the patient was attentive to the interactions of other group members, displayed congruent body language, remained focused on group tasks  and displayed interest in others and in the group process.
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  live intranasal influenza virus vaccination
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; hepatitis a vaccine
learns best by: verbal instruction while procedure is performed, reading, seeing, listening, doing.
learns best by: verbal instructions as procedure performed, reading, seeing, listening, doing.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
negative constitutional review of systems, historian denies chills, fatigue, fever, weakness.
negative genitourinary review of systems, historian denies dysuria, dysuria, frequency, hematuria.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new shortness of breath; new wheezing or chest tightness; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; sudden severe swelling of the eyelids; difficulty swallowing that came on suddenly or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; new wheezing or chest tightness; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; sudden onset of trouble swallowing or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
the general care of a sprain includes the use of a medication to reduce pain, the use of a splint to reduce movement and resting, icing, compressing and elevating the injured area.
the care of a sprain includes the use of pain medicine along with the use of a splint to reduce movement.
the patient will meet individually with the group provider nearing completion of learn and prior to bariatric surgery.
the patient may shower two weeks after the surgery with the use of the provided cloth sling.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, carried, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
level 6: individual is able to understand communication in most activities but some limitations in comprehension are still apparent in vocational, avocational, and social activities.
goal level 6: individual is successfully able to communicate intelligibly in most activities, but some limitations in intelligibility are still apparent in vocalization, avocational, and social activities.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up; blue or dusky lips, skin or nail beds; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); newly stiff or painful neck or puffiness around the eyes
no: newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow or currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting
frequency of feeling bad about yourself - or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down in the past 2 weeks: several days
feeling bad about yourself--or that you are a failure or have let yourself or your family down--1 - several days
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, oriented to person, place and time, skin warm, dry, normal in color, mucous membranes pink.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
the diagnosis and treatment plans were explained and the patient expressed understanding of the content.
i encouraged the patient to actively pursue a level of understanding and comfort with her sexuality.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
negative respiratory review of systems, historian denies cough, shortness of breath, sputum, wheezing.
negative constitutional review of systems, historian denies chills, fatigue, fever, weakness, weight loss.
medical necessity: the patient would benefit from skilled physical therapy interventions to be able to return the patient to full self-care activities.
medical necessity: the patient would benefit from skilled physical therapy interventions to be able to return the patient to full work, home, leisure, self-care, sporting activities.
albuterol 90 mcg/actuation hfa aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and other present during the discussion).
informed consent:   discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
he has not been diagnosed with any lung disease, diabetes, a cardiovascular event, prostate cancer or any other cancers.
since the last contact he also has not been diagnosed with prostate cancer, other primary cancer, or a cardiovascular event.
the patient/caregiver was encouraged to report any questions, concerns, new or worsening symptoms.
the patient was encouraged to call back with questions, concerns, and new worsening symptoms.
the remainder of a complete comprehensive multi-system review of systems is negative except as above.
the remainder of the complete comprehensive multisystem review of systems is negative except as above.
peripheral iv site, established in the left antecubital, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
peripheral iv site, established in the right hand, using a 20 gauge catheter, in one attempt.
the general care of a sprain includes the use of a medication to reduce pain, the use of a splint to reduce movement and resting, icing, compressing and elevating the injured area.
the risks and benefits of cardiopulmonary resuscitation were discussed with the patient who expressed understanding of the issue.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed the risks, benefits, and alternatives of the procedure and advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
all questions were answered, and the patient was provided with the following printed materials:
his questions were answered, and he verbalized understanding of these instructions and agreement with this plan.
education provided on diagnosis and treatment plan using verbal instruction; patient expressed acceptance of this and understanding of the content.
education provided on diagnosis and treatment plan according to patient's preferred learning style which includes listening.
instructions: apply one patch every twenty four hours; leave on for up to twelve hours within a twenty four hour period.
indication, site, and additional prescription instructions: apply 1 patch every 24 hours; leave on for up to 12 hours within a 24 hour period
dimension 2 biomedical conditions and complications: the patient received a risk score of 1. patient demonstrates adequate ability to tolerate and cope with physical discomfort.
dimension 3 emotional, behavioral or cognitive conditions and complications: the patient received a risk score of 1.
right upper extremity assessment findings include capillary refill less than 2 seconds, skin color normal to hand, temperature to hand warm, distal sensation intact.
skin assessment findings include skin warm, dry, normal in color, inspection findings include burn.
patient seen and discussed with supervising consultant, dr. w who evaluated the patient and concurs with the assessment and plan.
patient seen and discussed with supervising consultant, g f. s, m.d., who evaluated the patient and concurs with the assessment and plan.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
ready to learn, no apparently learning barriers were identified; learning preferences including listening.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
the patient had a chance to have any questions answered about the care plan and stated understanding and agreement with the care plan.
patient was provided with written patient education materials and she relates a good understanding of the self-management program.
medication(s) were reviewed by discussing verbally with patient, reviewed by checking medication bottles brought in by patient.
medication(s) were reviewed by discussing verbally with patient, reviewed by checking medication list brought in by patient , reviewed by using cvi.
benefits and risks of acupuncture were discussed with patient and patient consents to proceed with treatment.
benefits and risks of acupuncture were discussed with patient and patient has signed consent authorization to proceed with treatment.
we recommend that the patient remain abstinent from all mood-altering drugs including alcohol for the time period as specified:
we recommend that the patient remain abstinent from all mood-altering drugs including alcohol for the time period as specified: duration of program and indefinitely.
she denies any signs or symptoms of bruising, bleeding complications, or thromboembolic events.
she denies any shortness of breath, dizziness, chest pain, fainting, or loss of consciousness with exercise.
dimension 5 relapse, continued use or continued problem potential : the patient continues to demonstrate a problem, or has developed a new problem, that requires coping skills and strategies to prevent relapse, continued use or continued problems.
dimension 6 recovery/living environment : the patient continues to demonstrate a problem in his or her recovery environment, that requires coping skills and support system interventions.
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  tetanus and diphtheria and acellular pertussis (tdap) vaccine
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  inactivated influenza virus vaccination; meningococcal conjugate vaccine; tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria and acellular pertussis (tdap) vaccine
patient discharged to home, carried, family driving, accompanied by parent, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, transported via taxi, unaccompanied, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
this patient education treatment modality addressed the asam dimension 4: readiness to change criteria.
further peer confrontation, education about addiction, and participation is required to increase the patient's readiness to change.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure.
discussed risk, goals, advance directive and alternatives with patient and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the interventional procedure.
the following should be done yearly:height, weight, visual screening and blood pressure: done this year  injury prevention is as follows: seatbelts: yes smoke detectors: yes  bicycle or motorcycle helmet no (please wear helmets) guns and violence: yes and there are no guns in the home  other risk factors reviewed:  passive smoke: not at risk exposure to tuberculosis: no exposure   sunscreens: yes brushing teeth and dental care: yes, you see a dentist regularly.
the following should be done yearly:height, weight, visual screening and blood pressure: done this year  injury prevention is as follows: seatbelts: yes smoke detectors: yes  bicycle or motorcycle helmet no (please wear helmets) guns and violence: yes this was discussed and guns should be locked  other risk factors reviewed:  passive smoke: not at risk exposure to tuberculosis: no exposure   sunscreens: yes brushing teeth and dental care: yes, you see a dentist regularly exposure to loud noises: not exposed you have had a divorce in your family or separation, felt sad or are grieving: no you are of caribbean, latin american, asian, mediterranean, or african descent: no not at risk for sickle cell anemia carrier your shots are up to date: yes and recorded in the past medical history.
no: currently inconsolable crying; vomiting; diarrhea; not feeding normally; fever (rectal temperature) of more than 100.4
no: currently inconsolable crying; vomiting; diarrhea; not feeding normally; cough or poor weight gain
cholecalciferol (vitamin d3) [vitamin d3] 1,000 unit tablet 1 tablet by mouth one time daily.
multivitamins-iron pediatric [fruity chews] chewable tablet 1 tablet by mouth one time daily.
patient arrives ambulatory, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, and parent, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
family at bedside, call light within reach, hospital id band on, patient safety, dignity, sense of well being and individual rights are respected.
side rails up, cart/stretcher in lowest position, call light within reach, hospital id band on, patient in view of the nursing station, safety, dignity, sense of well being and individual rights are respected.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
no: localized area of red, swollen, tender and warm skin that is expanding; red streaks going out from the localized area of redness or pus discharge
localized area of red, swollen, tender and warm skin that is expanding over period of couple hours
numbness or weakness of face or part of face not present, numbness or weakness of arm not present, numbness or weakness of leg not present and sudden visual changes not present
numbness or weakness of face or part of face not present, numbness or weakness of arm not present, numbness or weakness of leg present on both sides at the same time and sudden visual changes not present
patient education:  ready to learn; no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
after explanation of the test and answering the patient's questions, the patient verbalized an understanding.
the risks and benefits of clomiphene citrate were discussed versus the alternatives available to the patient and the patient verbalized understanding and wishes to proceed.
patient education: cognitive and/or language difficulties or the patient's age prevented the patient from understanding the diagnosis and/or treatment plan.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/care giver expressed understanding of the content.
i reviewed the history, examined the patient, reviewed the available imaging studies, and agree with the findings as presented.
i reviewed the results that are available with her in detail, and i answered all of her questions to the best of my ability.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; complete inability to swallow; new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash); pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, arm or shoulder, jaw, or neck or large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum
no: severe lethargy or floppiness; refusing to move the neck; current or recent seizure; high-pitched cry (like a cat's cry) or a weak whimper or moaning cry that is not consolable; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or bulging or tense fontanel (soft spot on the head) when not crying
the dcs fellow is available for questions from the primary service overnight through the hospital operator.
they are used when there is a blockage at the base of the bladder, in the prostate or in the urethra (the tube carrying urine from the bladder to the outside).
the individual demonstrates emerging problem solving skills for complex problem solving tasks.
level 4:  the individual occasionally requires minimal cues/assistance to complete simple problem solving tasks in structured environments.
no: currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling faint or passing out or new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake
no: difficulty speaking or slurred speech; feeling faint or about to pass out; has fainted, passed out, or lost consciousness or new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake
patient tolerated treatment well and was able to demonstrate independence in performing the program.
the patient tolerated the procedure and anesthesia well, was extubated, and then brought to the post-anesthesia care unit in stable condition.
discussed advance directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
the topic objectives were to a) identify the treatment resources available in the community and b) gain an awareness of the purpose of each of these resources.
identified injury as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
patient requires extensive assistance in the following activities:  bathing, dressing, grooming/hygiene, toileting, transfer to/from bed/chair, mobility.
patient needs assistance with the following instrumental activities of daily  living: unable to assess.
f (38 c) or suspected fever; pain in the side of the back below the ribs (flank pain) or nausea or vomiting present
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; new wheezing or chest tightness; runny or blocked nose, or discharge down the back of the throat; severe widespread muscle aches or extreme fatigue or exhaustion
patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 4-6 sessions.
goals: patient will demonstrate and/or verbalize understanding of home exercise program in 1-2 sessions.
instructions: take one tablet by mouth in the morning and one-half tablet by mouth at evening meal.
instructions: take two tablets by mouth in the morning and one tablet by mouth in the evening.
patient will verbalize understanding of splint wear and care following one treatment session.
patient and/or family member present during this visit verbalized understanding of this additional content and instructions.
the patient was attentive to the interactions of other group members and displayed congruent body language.
the patient should follow the recommendations of the heart rhythm service with regard to return to driving.
result is: supra therapeutic; result and dosage information phoned to patient and understanding verbalized.
result is: supra therapeutic; result and dosage information given to patient and understanding verbalized.
iv site #1, iv site #1 iv fluids established, iv site #1 1st bag hung, amount 1 liter, iv site #1 bolus of 1000 ml established.
iv site #1 into right antecubital, iv site #1 iv fluids established, iv site #1 1st bag hung, amount 1 liter, iv site #1 bolus of 1000 ml established, via primary tubing.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; complete inability to swallow; sudden onset of coughing, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into the airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, arm or shoulder, jaw, or neck; large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that doesn't clear with coughing
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue or mouth; sudden severe swelling of the eyelids; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of coughing, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into the airway; change in heart rate or rhythm, or rapid or skipped heartbeats or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that doesn't clear with coughing
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
history obtained from patient, patient appears, generally ill, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: itching or clear fluid-filled or pus-filled blisters/sores on the rash that are either still in place or broken
clear fluid-filled or pus-filled blisters/sores on the rash that are either still in place or broken
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/care giver expressed understanding of the content and agreement with the plan of care.
the diagnosis and treatment plans were explained and the patient expressed understanding of the content.
patient's  anxiolysis discharge level  based on the following parameters: alert, oriented, and stabile cardio/respiratory status - yes.
patient's anxiolysis discharge level based on the following parameters: alert, oriented, and stable cardio/respiratory status.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by other family member, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to patient, discharge instructions given to mother, discharge instructions given to father.
consent form reviewed, dated, and signed by participant and consent cosigner, cms, (sc).
consent form reviewed, dated, and signed by participant and consent cosigner, k b, rn, (sc).
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
gait steady, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; headache; very itchy eyes, nose, roof of mouth, or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; headache; puffiness around the eyes; very itchy eyes, nose or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
due to the patient's cognitive impairment, explained diagnosis and treatment plan to the patient and family/caregiver.
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
discussed the risks, goals, alternatives, and advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient (or legal representative and others present during the discussion).
informed consent for sedated bone marrow:  discussed risks, goals, and alternatives to sedated bone marrow aspiration and biopsy, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified, learning preference include listening.
patient education - ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
patient has no exclusion criteria to receiving vaccine(s) as per childhood vaccination protocol.
patient meets screening eligibility criteria to receive vaccine per the childhood vaccination protocol
i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
the above was discussed with the patient and her husband, and they voiced understanding of the content and plan.
triamcinolone acetonide [kenalog] 0.1 % cream 1 apply topically as directed by prescriber as needed.
chondrotin/glucosamine 600/200* (free text entry) 1 tablet by mouth as directed by prescriber.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; complete inability to swallow; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging due to inhaling something into your airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, arm or shoulder, jaw, or neck; large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging as the first indication of a problem; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm; large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; feeling like you are going to pass out every time you stand (or sit) up; inability to pass urine or passing very little or sudden loss of bladder control
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit)
tiotropium [spiriva handihaler] 18 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 capsule by inhalation one time daily #3 months s...
foradil aerolizer 12 mcg capsule, w/inhalation device 1 by inhalation inhale two times a day.
the patient education treatment modality addressed the asam dimension 5: relapse, continued use or continued problem potential criteria.
dimension 5:  relapse/continued problem or continued use potential treatment planning decisions
patient requires limited assistance in the following activities: bathing, dressing, grooming/hygiene.
patient requires limited assistance in the following activities: bathing, dressing, grooming/hygiene, toileting.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, accompanied by parent, history obtained from parent, patient alert, happy, smiling and playful, interactive and playful, consolable, skin warm.
no: asthma; chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or emphysema or unspecified lung disease
no: asthma; chronic bronchitis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) or emphysema; heart problems; liver disease; kidney disease; diabetes; neuromuscular disorder or known human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) infection or acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (aids)
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
assessment of impairment, severity/complexity of illness: the degree of impairment is exemplified by difficulty with mood.
assessment of function - the degree of the patient's progress is exemplified by functional use of relaxation
no: difficulty breathing; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing; muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully or complete inability to swallow
no: blue or dusky lips, skin or nail beds; struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems; shortness of breath, even while inactive or noisy, wheezy, croupy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
explained diagnosis and treatment plan: patient/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
explained clinical issues, diagnosis and treatment plans; patient expressed understanding of the content.
pain or pressure in cheeks or forehead over sinuses, or in the upper jaw, discolored nasal or postnasal discharge and pain in the face or upper jaw that is worse on bending forward
no: discolored nasal or postnasal discharge or pain in the face or upper jaw that is worse on bending forward
instructions: apply one patch every twenty-four hours; leave on for up to twelve hours within a twenty-four hour period.
instructions: apply 1 patches every 24 hours; leave on for up to 12 hours within a 24 hour period.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/act hfa aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation every 4 hours as needed.
albuterol [proventil/ventolin] 90 mcg/actuation hfa aerosol 1-4 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed #2 inha...
the plan is to provide ongoing skilled occupational therapy services to enhance the client's level of functional independence and ability to generalize calendar use and compensation techniques.
the plan is to provide ongoing skilled occupational therapy services to enhance the client's understanding and ability to generalize concepts of moderation, modification, body mechanics, time management, balance of work, leisure and self care activities.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, oriented to person, place and time, skin warm, dry, normal in color, mucous membranes pink.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, generally ill, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified procedures, tests, or preps as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, return demonstration, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); complete inability to swallow; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash) or pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up; complete inability to swallow; new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash); any chest pain or discomfort; large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum or muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
substance use disorders: patients environment is not supportive of addiction recovery but, with clinical structure, the patient is able to cope most of the time.
the complaint is expected to resolve with no further evaluation of the patient or modification of treatment.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/parents expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content..
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by husband/wife/partner, simple or moderate discharge teaching performed, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
supportive interventions, group process interventions, interpersonal interventions were utilized in psychotherapy.
group process, cognitive-behavioral and insight oriented interventions utilized for psychotherapy.
disp : 150 ml - suspension, sig : give 5 ml by mouth 3 times a day for 10 days, refill : none.
disp : 10 day supply - suspension, sig : give 4 ml by mouth 3 times a day for 10 days, refill : none.
ipratropium-albuterol [combivent] 18-103 mcg/actuation aerosol 2 puffs by inhalation four times a day.
albuterol 90 mcg/actuation hfa aerosol 2-4 puffs by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); any chest pain or discomfort; vomit that looks like ground coffee; vomiting blood; uncontrollable or continuous rectal bleeding; black, sticky, tar-like stools or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; any chest pain or discomfort; change in heart rate or rhythm or palpitations; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit); muscle weakness or poor coordination or numbness, tingling, or paralysis
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing; newly stiff or painful neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash); currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand (sit) or muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that doesn't clear with coughing; new neck pain and difficulty bending the neck; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash); currently feeling like he is going to collapse every time he stands or sits up; muffled voice or inability to open mouth fully or complete inability to swallow
explained diagnosis and treatment plan: patient/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caretaker expressed understanding of the content.
patient understands that the warts are skin growths caused by a viral infection in the top layer of the skin.
the patient/caregiver reports there is impaired ability to meet the nutritional needs of the patient:   .
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears, anxious, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences included listening.
patient education:  patient was ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with patient.
discussed with the patient the necessity of other members of the healthcare team, both male and female, participating in the procedure if needed.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the surgical team participating in the procedure with patient and others present.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included verbal instructions.
discussed risks, goals, alternatives, advanced directives and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
we discussed risks, goals, and alternatives in detail, hopeful results, and possible complications.
the rationale for hand therapy intervention was discussed and patient agrees to above plan of care.
due to the patient's cognitive impairment, explained diagnosis and treatment plan to the patient and family/caregiver.
no: new deformity other than swelling; a grating or crackling sound or sensation on movement; bruising or cut or break in the skin
no: extremely dry mouth; dizzy when sitting or standing; new wheezing or severe or persistent vomiting
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
complex assessment performed, patient arrives ambulatory, gait steady, history obtained from, parent, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; sudden swelling of the lips, tongue, or mouth; currently struggling to breathe, even while inactive or resting; abrupt onset of breathing problems that came over the course of a minute or two; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging after inhaling something into your airway; pain, pressure or tightness in the chest, jaw or arm; change in heart rate or rhythm or palpitations or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
no: inability to speak or make normal sounds; new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; complete inability to swallow; sudden onset of cough, choking or gagging after inhaling something into her airway; large amounts of pink or white frothy sputum or noisy, wheezy or raspy breathing that does not clear with coughing
parent ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include delineated.
with the assistance of a spanish interpreter, ready to learn, no apparent learning barriers were identified; learning preferences include listening.
learning methods used: class/group, demonstration, discussion, explanation, examples, handouts.
learning methods used: class/group, videotape/film, discussion, explanation, examples, handouts.
mother is blood type b+, is hepatitis b negative, hiv negative, and was found to be gbs negative.
mother is blood type a+, is hepatitis b negative, hiv negative, and was found to be gbs positive.
patient demonstrated exercises correctly and verbalized understanding in the information discussed.
her questions were answered and she verbalized understanding of these instructions and agreement with this plan.
fluticasone propionate [flonase] 50 mcg/act aerosol 2 sprays nasally one time daily as needed.
triamcinolone acetonide [nasacort aq] 55 mcg/act aerosol 2 puffs nasally one time daily as needed refi...
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
albuterol [proventil] 0.083 % neb solution 3 ml by inhalation as directed by prescriber as needed.
testosterone [androgel pump] 1.25 g/actuation gel 2 apply transdermally as directed by prescriber.
disp : 150 ml - suspension, sig : give 5 ml by mouth 3 times a day for 10 days, refill : none.
disp : 15 grams - cream, sig : apply to affected areas twice a day for 5 days, refill : none.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, discharge instructions given to patient, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, carried, family driving, accompanied by parent, discharge instructions given to mother, discharge instructions given to father, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient is independent in the following activities: eating, bathing, dressing, grooming/hygiene, toileting, transfer to/from bed/chair, mobility.
patient requires limited assistance in the following activities: dressing, grooming/hygiene.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpuric rash) or sensitivity to light
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like he is going to collapse every time he stands (sits); complete inability to swallow; newly painful neck with difficulty bending the neck or purple or red rash/blotches that stay when pressed by a glass (purpural rash)
no: allergy to sulfa drugs or trimethoprim-sulfa combinations or allergy to penicillin, amoxicillin or other penicillin derivatives
no: allergy to insect bite or sting; allergy to medications; allergy to latex or allergy to other allergy not listed
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, identified medications as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears, uncomfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
gait steady, history obtained from patient, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
green or yellow discharge in the eye or on eyelashes continuing throughout the day, bloodshot or pink eyes
bloodshot or pink eyes, green or yellow discharge in the eye or on eyelashes continuing throughout the day
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  live intranasal influenza virus vaccination
patient is here for the following immunization(s):  live intranasal influenza virus vaccination; human papillomavirus vaccination
the above was discussed with the patient, and she voiced understanding of the content and plan.
the patient verbalized understanding of the information and was satisfied with the plan of care.
side rails up, cart/stretcher in lowest position, call light within reach, hospital id band on, patient safety, dignity, sense of well being and individual rights are respected.
side rails up, cart/stretcher in lowest position, call light within reach, hospital id band on, patient in view of the nursing station, safety, dignity, sense of well being and individual rights are respected.
the diagnosis and treatment plan were explained to the family/caregiver who expressed understanding of the information presented.
patient education: i explained the diagnosis and treatment plan for the patient who expressed understanding of the content.
identified injury as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, identified medications as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified injury as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, return demonstration, patient demonstrated and verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/parents expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding  of the content.
identified illness as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, patient demonstrated an understanding of discharge teaching.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; through interpreter, patient/child/caregiver expressed understanding of the content.
explained diagnosis and treatment plan; patient and her mother expressed understanding of the content.
no: new shortness of breath at rest; pain, pressure or tightness unrelated to coughing in chest, jaw, or arm.
no chest pain, pressure, neck or jaw pain, upper extremity numbness or tingling, dyspnea, or diaphoresis.
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; struggling to breathe even while inactive or resting; any chest pain or discomfort; change in heart rate or rhythm or heart palpitations; excessive sweating; new weakness, numbness or tingling on one half of the body (an arm and leg) or currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up
no: new confusion or inability to stay alert and awake; currently feeling like you are going to collapse every time you stand or sit up or sudden onset of inability to urinate
peripheral iv site, established in the right antecubital, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt, saline lock established.
iv therapy indicated for medication administration, iv established, to the left hand, using an 18 gauge catheter, in one attempt, saline lock established.
the diagnosis and treatment plan was explained to the family/caregiver who expressed understanding of the information presented.
the risks and benefits of cardiopulmonary resuscitation were discussed with the patient who expressed understanding of the issue.
no: fever present (greater than or equal to 100.4 f or 38 c) or suspected fever; multiple 'cold' symptoms; headache; very itchy eyes, nose or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
f or 38 c) or suspected fever; headache; itchy eyes, nose, roof of mouth, or throat; hoarseness or lost voice; bad breath or ear pain
as per pediatric health promotion visits and vaccination schedule ( ), patient is in need of the following immunizations:  none.
as per pediatric health promotion visits and vaccination schedule ( ), patient is in need of the following immunizations:  hpv, mcv, tdap.
risks, potential complications, prognosis, and postoperative rehabilitation program were outlined in detail.
risks, potential complications, prognosis, and postoperative rehabilitation program were outlined in detail; all questions answered.
patient arrives, via hospital wheelchair, unsteady gait, assistance to cart, history obtained from patient, patient appears, in distress due to pain, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives ambulatory, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
history obtained from patient, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient arrives, via emergency medical services, history obtained from patient, and emergency medical services, patient appears comfortable, patient cooperative, alert, oriented to person, place and time.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, family driving, accompanied by other family member, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
patient discharged to home, ambulating without assistance, driving self, unaccompanied, discharge instructions given to patient, prescriptions given and instructions on side effects given, above person(s) verbalized understanding of discharge instructions and follow-up care.
discussed the necessity of other members of the team participating in the procedure with the patient.
we discussed the risks, the goals, the alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team who would be participating in the procedures with the patient.
barriers to learning: (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional); no apparent barriers to learning present, ready to learn.
barriers assessed (cultural, religious/spiritual, motivational, physical/cognitive, language, emotional).
unable to assess if there is a history or concern, or exposure to physical, emotional, sexual, financial abuse, neglect or domestic violence, comments: family present.
unable to assess if there is a history or concern, or exposure to physical, emotional, sexual, financial abuse, neglect or domestic violence, comments: child.
discussed the risks, benefits, alternatives, advance directives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure.
informed consent: discussed risks, goals, alternatives, and the necessity of other members of the healthcare team participating in the procedure with the patient and obtained informed consent.
identified illness as a learning need, identified follow-up care as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, no interventions were used to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions.
identified illness as a learning need, patients primary language is english, no barriers to learning were identified, involved family member or primary caregiver to address barriers to learning, teaching methods used included printed patient instructions, verbal instructions, patient verbalized an understanding of discharge teaching.
